api_empleados_gras_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /empleados_gras                             
api_empleados_gras_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /empleados_gras                             
api_empleados_gras_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /empleados_gras/{id}                        
api_empleados_gras_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /empleados_gras/{id}                        
api_empleados_gras_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /empleados_gras/{id}                        
api_acceso_agrupacions_cget                      GET    ANY    ANY  /acceso_agrupacions                         
api_acceso_agrupacions_cpost                     POST   ANY    ANY  /acceso_agrupacions                         
api_acceso_agrupacions_get                       GET    ANY    ANY  /acceso_agrupacions/{id}                    
api_acceso_agrupacions_put                       PUT    ANY    ANY  /acceso_agrupacions/{id}                    
api_acceso_agrupacions_delete                    DELETE ANY    ANY  /acceso_agrupacions/{id}                    
api_acceso_almacens_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /acceso_almacens                            
api_acceso_almacens_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /acceso_almacens                            
api_acceso_almacens_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /acceso_almacens/{id}                       
api_acceso_almacens_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /acceso_almacens/{id}                       
api_acceso_almacens_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /acceso_almacens/{id}                       
api_acceso_centro_costos_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /acceso_centro_costos                       
api_acceso_centro_costos_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /acceso_centro_costos                       
api_acceso_centro_costos_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /acceso_centro_costos/{id}                  
api_acceso_centro_costos_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /acceso_centro_costos/{id}                  
api_acceso_centro_costos_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /acceso_centro_costos/{id}                  
api_acceso_crs_cget                              GET    ANY    ANY  /acceso_crs                                 
api_acceso_crs_cpost                             POST   ANY    ANY  /acceso_crs                                 
api_acceso_crs_get                               GET    ANY    ANY  /acceso_crs/{id}                            
api_acceso_crs_put                               PUT    ANY    ANY  /acceso_crs/{id}                            
api_acceso_crs_delete                            DELETE ANY    ANY  /acceso_crs/{id}                            
api_accesos_cget                                 GET    ANY    ANY  /accesos                                    
api_accesos_cpost                                POST   ANY    ANY  /accesos                                    
api_accesos_get                                  GET    ANY    ANY  /accesos/{id}                               
api_accesos_put                                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /accesos/{id}                               
api_accesos_delete                               DELETE ANY    ANY  /accesos/{id}                               
api_actividad_componentes_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /actividad_componentes                      
api_actividad_componentes_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /actividad_componentes                      
api_actividad_componentes_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /actividad_componentes/{id}                 
api_actividad_componentes_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /actividad_componentes/{id}                 
api_actividad_componentes_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /actividad_componentes/{id}                 
api_activo_fijo_alquiler_zerodayajts_cget        GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_alquiler_zerodayajts           
api_activo_fijo_alquiler_zerodayajts_cpost       POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_alquiler_zerodayajts           
api_activo_fijo_alquiler_zerodayajts_get         GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_alquiler_zerodayajts/{id}      
api_activo_fijo_alquiler_zerodayajts_put         PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_alquiler_zerodayajts/{id}      
api_activo_fijo_alquiler_zerodayajts_delete      DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_alquiler_zerodayajts/{id}      
api_activo_fijo_causas_movims_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_causas_movims                  
api_activo_fijo_causas_movims_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_causas_movims                  
api_activo_fijo_causas_movims_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_causas_movims/{id}             
api_activo_fijo_causas_movims_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_causas_movims/{id}             
api_activo_fijo_causas_movims_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_causas_movims/{id}             
api_activo_fijo_cfgzerodays_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_cfgzerodays                    
api_activo_fijo_cfgzerodays_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_cfgzerodays                    
api_activo_fijo_cfgzerodays_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_cfgzerodays/{id}               
api_activo_fijo_cfgzerodays_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_cfgzerodays/{id}               
api_activo_fijo_cfgzerodays_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_cfgzerodays/{id}               
api_activo_fijo_cierre_mes_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_cierre_mes                     
api_activo_fijo_cierre_mes_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_cierre_mes                     
api_activo_fijo_cierre_mes_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_cierre_mes/{id}                
api_activo_fijo_cierre_mes_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_cierre_mes/{id}                
api_activo_fijo_cierre_mes_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_cierre_mes/{id}                
api_activo_fijo_clasif_movims_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_clasif_movims                  
api_activo_fijo_clasif_movims_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_clasif_movims                  
api_activo_fijo_clasif_movims_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_clasif_movims/{id}             
api_activo_fijo_clasif_movims_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_clasif_movims/{id}             
api_activo_fijo_clasif_movims_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_clasif_movims/{id}             
api_activo_fijo_desc_datos_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_desc_datos                     
api_activo_fijo_desc_datos_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_desc_datos                     
api_activo_fijo_desc_datos_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_desc_datos/{id}                
api_activo_fijo_desc_datos_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_desc_datos/{id}                
api_activo_fijo_desc_datos_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_desc_datos/{id}                
api_activo_fijo_estados_cget                     GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_estados                        
api_activo_fijo_estados_cpost                    POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_estados                        
api_activo_fijo_estados_get                      GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_estados/{id}                   
api_activo_fijo_estados_put                      PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_estados/{id}                   
api_activo_fijo_estados_delete                   DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_estados/{id}                   
api_activo_fijo_modulos_cget                     GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_modulos                        
api_activo_fijo_modulos_cpost                    POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_modulos                        
api_activo_fijo_modulos_get                      GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_modulos/{id}                   
api_activo_fijo_modulos_put                      PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_modulos/{id}                   
api_activo_fijo_modulos_delete                   DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_modulos/{id}                   
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivo_dets_cget           GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivo_dets              
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivo_dets_cpost          POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivo_dets              
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivo_dets_get            GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivo_dets/{id}         
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivo_dets_put            PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivo_dets/{id}         
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivo_dets_delete         DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivo_dets/{id}         
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivo_heads_cget          GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivo_heads             
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivo_heads_cpost         POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivo_heads             
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivo_heads_get           GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivo_heads/{id}        
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivo_heads_put           PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivo_heads/{id}        
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivo_heads_delete        DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivo_heads/{id}        
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_dets_cget        GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_dets           
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_dets_cpost       POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_dets           
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_dets_get         GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_dets/{id}      
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_dets_put         PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_dets/{id}      
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_dets_delete      DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_dets/{id}      
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_det_tmps_cget    GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_det_tmps       
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_det_tmps_cpost   POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_det_tmps       
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_det_tmps_get     GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_det_tmps/{id}  
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_det_tmps_put     PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_det_tmps/{id}  
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_det_tmps_delete  DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_det_tmps/{id}  
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_heads_cget       GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_heads          
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_heads_cpost      POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_heads          
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_heads_get        GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_heads/{id}     
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_heads_put        PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_heads/{id}     
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_heads_delete     DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_heads/{id}     
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_head_tmps_cget   GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_head_tmps      
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_head_tmps_cpost  POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_head_tmps      
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_head_tmps_get    GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_head_tmps/{id} 
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_head_tmps_put    PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_head_tmps/{id} 
api_activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_head_tmps_delete DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movim_masivoval_head_tmps/{id} 
api_activo_fijo_movims_cget                      GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movims                         
api_activo_fijo_movims_cpost                     POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movims                         
api_activo_fijo_movims_get                       GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movims/{id}                    
api_activo_fijo_movims_put                       PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movims/{id}                    
api_activo_fijo_movims_delete                    DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_movims/{id}                    
api_activo_fijo_parametros_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_parametros                     
api_activo_fijo_parametros_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_parametros                     
api_activo_fijo_parametros_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_parametros/{id}                
api_activo_fijo_parametros_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_parametros/{id}                
api_activo_fijo_parametros_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_parametros/{id}                
api_activo_fijos_cget                            GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijos                               
api_activo_fijos_cpost                           POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijos                               
api_activo_fijos_get                             GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijos/{id}                          
api_activo_fijos_put                             PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijos/{id}                          
api_activo_fijos_delete                          DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijos/{id}                          
api_activo_fijo_servfacts_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_servfacts                      
api_activo_fijo_servfacts_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_servfacts                      
api_activo_fijo_servfacts_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_servfacts/{id}                 
api_activo_fijo_servfacts_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_servfacts/{id}                 
api_activo_fijo_servfacts_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_servfacts/{id}                 
api_activo_fijo_servicios_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_servicios                      
api_activo_fijo_servicios_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_servicios                      
api_activo_fijo_servicios_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_servicios/{id}                 
api_activo_fijo_servicios_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_servicios/{id}                 
api_activo_fijo_servicios_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_servicios/{id}                 
api_activo_fijo_servicios_zerodayajts_cget       GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_servicios_zerodayajts          
api_activo_fijo_servicios_zerodayajts_cpost      POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_servicios_zerodayajts          
api_activo_fijo_servicios_zerodayajts_get        GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_servicios_zerodayajts/{id}     
api_activo_fijo_servicios_zerodayajts_put        PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_servicios_zerodayajts/{id}     
api_activo_fijo_servicios_zerodayajts_delete     DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_servicios_zerodayajts/{id}     
api_activo_fijo_tipos_alquilers_cget             GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_alquilers                
api_activo_fijo_tipos_alquilers_cpost            POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_alquilers                
api_activo_fijo_tipos_alquilers_get              GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_alquilers/{id}           
api_activo_fijo_tipos_alquilers_put              PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_alquilers/{id}           
api_activo_fijo_tipos_alquilers_delete           DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_alquilers/{id}           
api_activo_fijo_tipos_entradas_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_entradas                 
api_activo_fijo_tipos_entradas_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_entradas                 
api_activo_fijo_tipos_entradas_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_entradas/{id}            
api_activo_fijo_tipos_entradas_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_entradas/{id}            
api_activo_fijo_tipos_entradas_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_entradas/{id}            
api_activo_fijo_tipos_manips_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_manips                   
api_activo_fijo_tipos_manips_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_manips                   
api_activo_fijo_tipos_manips_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_manips/{id}              
api_activo_fijo_tipos_manips_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_manips/{id}              
api_activo_fijo_tipos_manips_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_manips/{id}              
api_activo_fijo_tipos_movims_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_movims                   
api_activo_fijo_tipos_movims_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_movims                   
api_activo_fijo_tipos_movims_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_movims/{id}              
api_activo_fijo_tipos_movims_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_movims/{id}              
api_activo_fijo_tipos_movims_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_movims/{id}              
api_activo_fijo_tipos_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos                          
api_activo_fijo_tipos_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos                          
api_activo_fijo_tipos_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos/{id}                     
api_activo_fijo_tipos_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos/{id}                     
api_activo_fijo_tipos_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos/{id}                     
api_activo_fijo_tipos_salidas_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_salidas                  
api_activo_fijo_tipos_salidas_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_salidas                  
api_activo_fijo_tipos_salidas_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_salidas/{id}             
api_activo_fijo_tipos_salidas_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_salidas/{id}             
api_activo_fijo_tipos_salidas_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /activo_fijo_tipos_salidas/{id}             
api_ajusteclasis_cget                            GET    ANY    ANY  /ajusteclasis                               
api_ajusteclasis_cpost                           POST   ANY    ANY  /ajusteclasis                               
api_ajusteclasis_get                             GET    ANY    ANY  /ajusteclasis/{id}                          
api_ajusteclasis_put                             PUT    ANY    ANY  /ajusteclasis/{id}                          
api_ajusteclasis_delete                          DELETE ANY    ANY  /ajusteclasis/{id}                          
api_ajustes_cget                                 GET    ANY    ANY  /ajustes                                    
api_ajustes_cpost                                POST   ANY    ANY  /ajustes                                    
api_ajustes_get                                  GET    ANY    ANY  /ajustes/{id}                               
api_ajustes_put                                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /ajustes/{id}                               
api_ajustes_delete                               DELETE ANY    ANY  /ajustes/{id}                               
api_almacens_cget                                GET    ANY    ANY  /almacens                                   
api_almacens_cpost                               POST   ANY    ANY  /almacens                                   
api_almacens_get                                 GET    ANY    ANY  /almacens/{id}                              
api_almacens_put                                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /almacens/{id}                              
api_almacens_delete                              DELETE ANY    ANY  /almacens/{id}                              
api_almacen_puntoinventarios_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /almacen_puntoinventarios                   
api_almacen_puntoinventarios_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /almacen_puntoinventarios                   
api_almacen_puntoinventarios_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /almacen_puntoinventarios/{id}              
api_almacen_puntoinventarios_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /almacen_puntoinventarios/{id}              
api_almacen_puntoinventarios_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /almacen_puntoinventarios/{id}              
api_alquilercierres_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /alquilercierres                            
api_alquilercierres_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /alquilercierres                            
api_alquilercierres_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /alquilercierres/{id}                       
api_alquilercierres_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /alquilercierres/{id}                       
api_alquilercierres_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /alquilercierres/{id}                       
api_alquilercierrestmps_cget                     GET    ANY    ANY  /alquilercierrestmps                        
api_alquilercierrestmps_cpost                    POST   ANY    ANY  /alquilercierrestmps                        
api_alquilercierrestmps_get                      GET    ANY    ANY  /alquilercierrestmps/{id}                   
api_alquilercierrestmps_put                      PUT    ANY    ANY  /alquilercierrestmps/{id}                   
api_alquilercierrestmps_delete                   DELETE ANY    ANY  /alquilercierrestmps/{id}                   
api_alquilermovs_cget                            GET    ANY    ANY  /alquilermovs                               
api_alquilermovs_cpost                           POST   ANY    ANY  /alquilermovs                               
api_alquilermovs_get                             GET    ANY    ANY  /alquilermovs/{id}                          
api_alquilermovs_put                             PUT    ANY    ANY  /alquilermovs/{id}                          
api_alquilermovs_delete                          DELETE ANY    ANY  /alquilermovs/{id}                          
api_alquilers_cget                               GET    ANY    ANY  /alquilers                                  
api_alquilers_cpost                              POST   ANY    ANY  /alquilers                                  
api_alquilers_get                                GET    ANY    ANY  /alquilers/{id}                             
api_alquilers_put                                PUT    ANY    ANY  /alquilers/{id}                             
api_alquilers_delete                             DELETE ANY    ANY  /alquilers/{id}                             
api_alquiler_prefacturadetalles_cget             GET    ANY    ANY  /alquiler_prefacturadetalles                
api_alquiler_prefacturadetalles_cpost            POST   ANY    ANY  /alquiler_prefacturadetalles                
api_alquiler_prefacturadetalles_get              GET    ANY    ANY  /alquiler_prefacturadetalles/{id}           
api_alquiler_prefacturadetalles_put              PUT    ANY    ANY  /alquiler_prefacturadetalles/{id}           
api_alquiler_prefacturadetalles_delete           DELETE ANY    ANY  /alquiler_prefacturadetalles/{id}           
api_alquiler_prefacturas_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /alquiler_prefacturas                       
api_alquiler_prefacturas_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /alquiler_prefacturas                       
api_alquiler_prefacturas_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /alquiler_prefacturas/{id}                  
api_alquiler_prefacturas_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /alquiler_prefacturas/{id}                  
api_alquiler_prefacturas_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /alquiler_prefacturas/{id}                  
api_analisisclasiseleccions_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /analisisclasiseleccions                    
api_analisisclasiseleccions_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /analisisclasiseleccions                    
api_analisisclasiseleccions_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /analisisclasiseleccions/{id}               
api_analisisclasiseleccions_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /analisisclasiseleccions/{id}               
api_analisisclasiseleccions_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /analisisclasiseleccions/{id}               
api_analisis_inventarios_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /analisis_inventarios                       
api_analisis_inventarios_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /analisis_inventarios                       
api_analisis_inventarios_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /analisis_inventarios/{id}                  
api_analisis_inventarios_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /analisis_inventarios/{id}                  
api_analisis_inventarios_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /analisis_inventarios/{id}                  
api_analisisprodseleccions_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /analisisprodseleccions                     
api_analisisprodseleccions_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /analisisprodseleccions                     
api_analisisprodseleccions_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /analisisprodseleccions/{id}                
api_analisisprodseleccions_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /analisisprodseleccions/{id}                
api_analisisprodseleccions_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /analisisprodseleccions/{id}                
api_aranceles_cget                               GET    ANY    ANY  /aranceles                                  
api_aranceles_cpost                              POST   ANY    ANY  /aranceles                                  
api_aranceles_get                                GET    ANY    ANY  /aranceles/{id}                             
api_aranceles_put                                PUT    ANY    ANY  /aranceles/{id}                             
api_aranceles_delete                             DELETE ANY    ANY  /aranceles/{id}                             
api_areas_geograficas_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /areas_geograficas                          
api_areas_geograficas_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /areas_geograficas                          
api_areas_geograficas_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /areas_geograficas/{id}                     
api_areas_geograficas_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /areas_geograficas/{id}                     
api_areas_geograficas_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /areas_geograficas/{id}                     
api_areas_responsabilidads_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /areas_responsabilidads                     
api_areas_responsabilidads_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /areas_responsabilidads                     
api_areas_responsabilidads_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /areas_responsabilidads/{id}                
api_areas_responsabilidads_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /areas_responsabilidads/{id}                
api_areas_responsabilidads_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /areas_responsabilidads/{id}                
api_assets_licencias_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /assets_licencias                           
api_assets_licencias_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /assets_licencias                           
api_assets_licencias_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /assets_licencias/{id}                      
api_assets_licencias_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /assets_licencias/{id}                      
api_assets_licencias_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /assets_licencias/{id}                      
api_baja_activofijo_masiva_dets_cget             GET    ANY    ANY  /baja_activofijo_masiva_dets                
api_baja_activofijo_masiva_dets_cpost            POST   ANY    ANY  /baja_activofijo_masiva_dets                
api_baja_activofijo_masiva_dets_get              GET    ANY    ANY  /baja_activofijo_masiva_dets/{id}           
api_baja_activofijo_masiva_dets_put              PUT    ANY    ANY  /baja_activofijo_masiva_dets/{id}           
api_baja_activofijo_masiva_dets_delete           DELETE ANY    ANY  /baja_activofijo_masiva_dets/{id}           
api_baja_activofijo_masiva_heads_cget            GET    ANY    ANY  /baja_activofijo_masiva_heads               
api_baja_activofijo_masiva_heads_cpost           POST   ANY    ANY  /baja_activofijo_masiva_heads               
api_baja_activofijo_masiva_heads_get             GET    ANY    ANY  /baja_activofijo_masiva_heads/{id}          
api_baja_activofijo_masiva_heads_put             PUT    ANY    ANY  /baja_activofijo_masiva_heads/{id}          
api_baja_activofijo_masiva_heads_delete          DELETE ANY    ANY  /baja_activofijo_masiva_heads/{id}          
api_baja_activofijos_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /baja_activofijos                           
api_baja_activofijos_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /baja_activofijos                           
api_baja_activofijos_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /baja_activofijos/{id}                      
api_baja_activofijos_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /baja_activofijos/{id}                      
api_baja_activofijos_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /baja_activofijos/{id}                      
api_brigada_empleados_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /brigada_empleados                          
api_brigada_empleados_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /brigada_empleados                          
api_brigada_empleados_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /brigada_empleados/{id}                     
api_brigada_empleados_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /brigada_empleados/{id}                     
api_brigada_empleados_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /brigada_empleados/{id}                     
api_brigadas_cget                                GET    ANY    ANY  /brigadas                                   
api_brigadas_cpost                               POST   ANY    ANY  /brigadas                                   
api_brigadas_get                                 GET    ANY    ANY  /brigadas/{id}                              
api_brigadas_put                                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /brigadas/{id}                              
api_brigadas_delete                              DELETE ANY    ANY  /brigadas/{id}                              
api_brigadas_planreals_cget                      GET    ANY    ANY  /brigadas_planreals                         
api_brigadas_planreals_cpost                     POST   ANY    ANY  /brigadas_planreals                         
api_brigadas_planreals_get                       GET    ANY    ANY  /brigadas_planreals/{id}                    
api_brigadas_planreals_put                       PUT    ANY    ANY  /brigadas_planreals/{id}                    
api_brigadas_planreals_delete                    DELETE ANY    ANY  /brigadas_planreals/{id}                    
api_canales_distribucions_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /canales_distribucions                      
api_canales_distribucions_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /canales_distribucions                      
api_canales_distribucions_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /canales_distribucions/{id}                 
api_canales_distribucions_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /canales_distribucions/{id}                 
api_canales_distribucions_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /canales_distribucions/{id}                 
api_cantidadefectivas_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /cantidadefectivas                          
api_cantidadefectivas_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /cantidadefectivas                          
api_cantidadefectivas_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /cantidadefectivas/{id}                     
api_cantidadefectivas_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /cantidadefectivas/{id}                     
api_cantidadefectivas_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /cantidadefectivas/{id}                     
api_caracterizacion_auditorias_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_auditorias                 
api_caracterizacion_auditorias_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_auditorias                 
api_caracterizacion_auditorias_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_auditorias/{id}            
api_caracterizacion_auditorias_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_auditorias/{id}            
api_caracterizacion_auditorias_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_auditorias/{id}            
api_caracterizacion_contabilidads_cget           GET    ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_contabilidads              
api_caracterizacion_contabilidads_cpost          POST   ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_contabilidads              
api_caracterizacion_contabilidads_get            GET    ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_contabilidads/{id}         
api_caracterizacion_contabilidads_put            PUT    ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_contabilidads/{id}         
api_caracterizacion_contabilidads_delete         DELETE ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_contabilidads/{id}         
api_caracterizacion_entidads_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_entidads                   
api_caracterizacion_entidads_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_entidads                   
api_caracterizacion_entidads_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_entidads/{id}              
api_caracterizacion_entidads_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_entidads/{id}              
api_caracterizacion_entidads_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_entidads/{id}              
api_caracterizacion_finanzas_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_finanzas                   
api_caracterizacion_finanzas_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_finanzas                   
api_caracterizacion_finanzas_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_finanzas/{id}              
api_caracterizacion_finanzas_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_finanzas/{id}              
api_caracterizacion_finanzas_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /caracterizacion_finanzas/{id}              
api_catalogo_contratos_cget                      GET    ANY    ANY  /catalogo_contratos                         
api_catalogo_contratos_cpost                     POST   ANY    ANY  /catalogo_contratos                         
api_catalogo_contratos_get                       GET    ANY    ANY  /catalogo_contratos/{id}                    
api_catalogo_contratos_put                       PUT    ANY    ANY  /catalogo_contratos/{id}                    
api_catalogo_contratos_delete                    DELETE ANY    ANY  /catalogo_contratos/{id}                    
api_categorias_cget                              GET    ANY    ANY  /categorias                                 
api_categorias_cpost                             POST   ANY    ANY  /categorias                                 
api_categorias_get                               GET    ANY    ANY  /categorias/{id}                            
api_categorias_put                               PUT    ANY    ANY  /categorias/{id}                            
api_categorias_delete                            DELETE ANY    ANY  /categorias/{id}                            
api_causas_ajuste_inventarios_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /causas_ajuste_inventarios                  
api_causas_ajuste_inventarios_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /causas_ajuste_inventarios                  
api_causas_ajuste_inventarios_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /causas_ajuste_inventarios/{id}             
api_causas_ajuste_inventarios_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /causas_ajuste_inventarios/{id}             
api_causas_ajuste_inventarios_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /causas_ajuste_inventarios/{id}             
api_centro_costo_grupos_cget                     GET    ANY    ANY  /centro_costo_grupos                        
api_centro_costo_grupos_cpost                    POST   ANY    ANY  /centro_costo_grupos                        
api_centro_costo_grupos_get                      GET    ANY    ANY  /centro_costo_grupos/{id}                   
api_centro_costo_grupos_put                      PUT    ANY    ANY  /centro_costo_grupos/{id}                   
api_centro_costo_grupos_delete                   DELETE ANY    ANY  /centro_costo_grupos/{id}                   
api_centro_costos_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /centro_costos                              
api_centro_costos_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /centro_costos                              
api_centro_costos_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /centro_costos/{id}                         
api_centro_costos_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /centro_costos/{id}                         
api_centro_costos_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /centro_costos/{id}                         
api_centro_pagos_cget                            GET    ANY    ANY  /centro_pagos                               
api_centro_pagos_cpost                           POST   ANY    ANY  /centro_pagos                               
api_centro_pagos_get                             GET    ANY    ANY  /centro_pagos/{id}                          
api_centro_pagos_put                             PUT    ANY    ANY  /centro_pagos/{id}                          
api_centro_pagos_delete                          DELETE ANY    ANY  /centro_pagos/{id}                          
api_cf_calendarios_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /cf_calendarios                             
api_cf_calendarios_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /cf_calendarios                             
api_cf_calendarios_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /cf_calendarios/{id}                        
api_cf_calendarios_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /cf_calendarios/{id}                        
api_cf_calendarios_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /cf_calendarios/{id}                        
api_cf_configuracion_dets_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /cf_configuracion_dets                      
api_cf_configuracion_dets_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /cf_configuracion_dets                      
api_cf_configuracion_dets_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /cf_configuracion_dets/{id}                 
api_cf_configuracion_dets_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /cf_configuracion_dets/{id}                 
api_cf_configuracion_dets_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /cf_configuracion_dets/{id}                 
api_cf_configuracions_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /cf_configuracions                          
api_cf_configuracions_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /cf_configuracions                          
api_cf_configuracions_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /cf_configuracions/{id}                     
api_cf_configuracions_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /cf_configuracions/{id}                     
api_cf_configuracions_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /cf_configuracions/{id}                     
api_cf_items_cget                                GET    ANY    ANY  /cf_items                                   
api_cf_items_cpost                               POST   ANY    ANY  /cf_items                                   
api_cf_items_get                                 GET    ANY    ANY  /cf_items/{id}                              
api_cf_items_put                                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /cf_items/{id}                              
api_cf_items_delete                              DELETE ANY    ANY  /cf_items/{id}                              
api_cf_relacions_cget                            GET    ANY    ANY  /cf_relacions                               
api_cf_relacions_cpost                           POST   ANY    ANY  /cf_relacions                               
api_cf_relacions_get                             GET    ANY    ANY  /cf_relacions/{id}                          
api_cf_relacions_put                             PUT    ANY    ANY  /cf_relacions/{id}                          
api_cf_relacions_delete                          DELETE ANY    ANY  /cf_relacions/{id}                          
api_ch_aliquidaciones_dets_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones_dets                     
api_ch_aliquidaciones_dets_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones_dets                     
api_ch_aliquidaciones_dets_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones_dets/{id}                
api_ch_aliquidaciones_dets_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones_dets/{id}                
api_ch_aliquidaciones_dets_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones_dets/{id}                
api_ch_aliquidaciones_mc_dets_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones_mc_dets                  
api_ch_aliquidaciones_mc_dets_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones_mc_dets                  
api_ch_aliquidaciones_mc_dets_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones_mc_dets/{id}             
api_ch_aliquidaciones_mc_dets_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones_mc_dets/{id}             
api_ch_aliquidaciones_mc_dets_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones_mc_dets/{id}             
api_ch_aliquidaciones_mcs_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones_mcs                      
api_ch_aliquidaciones_mcs_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones_mcs                      
api_ch_aliquidaciones_mcs_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones_mcs/{id}                 
api_ch_aliquidaciones_mcs_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones_mcs/{id}                 
api_ch_aliquidaciones_mcs_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones_mcs/{id}                 
api_ch_aliquidaciones_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones                          
api_ch_aliquidaciones_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones                          
api_ch_aliquidaciones_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones/{id}                     
api_ch_aliquidaciones_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones/{id}                     
api_ch_aliquidaciones_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_aliquidaciones/{id}                     
api_ch_anticipos_dets_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos_dets                          
api_ch_anticipos_dets_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos_dets                          
api_ch_anticipos_dets_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos_dets/{id}                     
api_ch_anticipos_dets_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos_dets/{id}                     
api_ch_anticipos_dets_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos_dets/{id}                     
api_ch_anticipos_mc_dets_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos_mc_dets                       
api_ch_anticipos_mc_dets_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos_mc_dets                       
api_ch_anticipos_mc_dets_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos_mc_dets/{id}                  
api_ch_anticipos_mc_dets_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos_mc_dets/{id}                  
api_ch_anticipos_mc_dets_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos_mc_dets/{id}                  
api_ch_anticipos_mcs_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos_mcs                           
api_ch_anticipos_mcs_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos_mcs                           
api_ch_anticipos_mcs_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos_mcs/{id}                      
api_ch_anticipos_mcs_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos_mcs/{id}                      
api_ch_anticipos_mcs_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos_mcs/{id}                      
api_ch_anticipos_cget                            GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos                               
api_ch_anticipos_cpost                           POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos                               
api_ch_anticipos_get                             GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos/{id}                          
api_ch_anticipos_put                             PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos/{id}                          
api_ch_anticipos_delete                          DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_anticipos/{id}                          
api_ch_arqueos_dets_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos_dets                            
api_ch_arqueos_dets_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos_dets                            
api_ch_arqueos_dets_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos_dets/{id}                       
api_ch_arqueos_dets_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos_dets/{id}                       
api_ch_arqueos_dets_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos_dets/{id}                       
api_ch_arqueos_mc_dets_cget                      GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos_mc_dets                         
api_ch_arqueos_mc_dets_cpost                     POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos_mc_dets                         
api_ch_arqueos_mc_dets_get                       GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos_mc_dets/{id}                    
api_ch_arqueos_mc_dets_put                       PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos_mc_dets/{id}                    
api_ch_arqueos_mc_dets_delete                    DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos_mc_dets/{id}                    
api_ch_arqueos_mcs_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos_mcs                             
api_ch_arqueos_mcs_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos_mcs                             
api_ch_arqueos_mcs_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos_mcs/{id}                        
api_ch_arqueos_mcs_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos_mcs/{id}                        
api_ch_arqueos_mcs_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos_mcs/{id}                        
api_ch_arqueos_cget                              GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos                                 
api_ch_arqueos_cpost                             POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos                                 
api_ch_arqueos_get                               GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos/{id}                            
api_ch_arqueos_put                               PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos/{id}                            
api_ch_arqueos_delete                            DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_arqueos/{id}                            
api_ch_atarjetas_dets_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_atarjetas_dets                          
api_ch_atarjetas_dets_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_atarjetas_dets                          
api_ch_atarjetas_dets_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_atarjetas_dets/{id}                     
api_ch_atarjetas_dets_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_atarjetas_dets/{id}                     
api_ch_atarjetas_dets_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_atarjetas_dets/{id}                     
api_ch_atarjetas_cget                            GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_atarjetas                               
api_ch_atarjetas_cpost                           POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_atarjetas                               
api_ch_atarjetas_get                             GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_atarjetas/{id}                          
api_ch_atarjetas_put                             PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_atarjetas/{id}                          
api_ch_atarjetas_delete                          DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_atarjetas/{id}                          
api_ch_cat_conceptos_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_cat_conceptos                           
api_ch_cat_conceptos_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_cat_conceptos                           
api_ch_cat_conceptos_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_cat_conceptos/{id}                      
api_ch_cat_conceptos_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_cat_conceptos/{id}                      
api_ch_cat_conceptos_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_cat_conceptos/{id}                      
api_ch_cobros_mcs_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_cobros_mcs                              
api_ch_cobros_mcs_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_cobros_mcs                              
api_ch_cobros_mcs_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_cobros_mcs/{id}                         
api_ch_cobros_mcs_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_cobros_mcs/{id}                         
api_ch_cobros_mcs_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_cobros_mcs/{id}                         
api_ch_cobros_cget                               GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_cobros                                  
api_ch_cobros_cpost                              POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_cobros                                  
api_ch_cobros_get                                GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_cobros/{id}                             
api_ch_cobros_put                                PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_cobros/{id}                             
api_ch_cobros_delete                             DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_cobros/{id}                             
api_ch_conceptos_cget                            GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_conceptos                               
api_ch_conceptos_cpost                           POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_conceptos                               
api_ch_conceptos_get                             GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_conceptos/{id}                          
api_ch_conceptos_put                             PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_conceptos/{id}                          
api_ch_conceptos_delete                          DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_conceptos/{id}                          
api_ch_controls_cget                             GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_controls                                
api_ch_controls_cpost                            POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_controls                                
api_ch_controls_get                              GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_controls/{id}                           
api_ch_controls_put                              PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_controls/{id}                           
api_ch_controls_delete                           DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_controls/{id}                           
api_ch_denominaciones_monedas_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_denominaciones_monedas                  
api_ch_denominaciones_monedas_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_denominaciones_monedas                  
api_ch_denominaciones_monedas_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_denominaciones_monedas/{id}             
api_ch_denominaciones_monedas_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_denominaciones_monedas/{id}             
api_ch_denominaciones_monedas_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_denominaciones_monedas/{id}             
api_ch_depositos_mcs_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_depositos_mcs                           
api_ch_depositos_mcs_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_depositos_mcs                           
api_ch_depositos_mcs_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_depositos_mcs/{id}                      
api_ch_depositos_mcs_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_depositos_mcs/{id}                      
api_ch_depositos_mcs_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_depositos_mcs/{id}                      
api_ch_depositos_cget                            GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_depositos                               
api_ch_depositos_cpost                           POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_depositos                               
api_ch_depositos_get                             GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_depositos/{id}                          
api_ch_depositos_put                             PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_depositos/{id}                          
api_ch_depositos_delete                          DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_depositos/{id}                          
api_ch_fondos_movim_dets_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movim_dets                       
api_ch_fondos_movim_dets_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movim_dets                       
api_ch_fondos_movim_dets_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movim_dets/{id}                  
api_ch_fondos_movim_dets_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movim_dets/{id}                  
api_ch_fondos_movim_dets_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movim_dets/{id}                  
api_ch_fondos_movim_mc_dets_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movim_mc_dets                    
api_ch_fondos_movim_mc_dets_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movim_mc_dets                    
api_ch_fondos_movim_mc_dets_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movim_mc_dets/{id}               
api_ch_fondos_movim_mc_dets_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movim_mc_dets/{id}               
api_ch_fondos_movim_mc_dets_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movim_mc_dets/{id}               
api_ch_fondos_movim_mcs_cget                     GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movim_mcs                        
api_ch_fondos_movim_mcs_cpost                    POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movim_mcs                        
api_ch_fondos_movim_mcs_get                      GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movim_mcs/{id}                   
api_ch_fondos_movim_mcs_put                      PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movim_mcs/{id}                   
api_ch_fondos_movim_mcs_delete                   DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movim_mcs/{id}                   
api_ch_fondos_movims_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movims                           
api_ch_fondos_movims_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movims                           
api_ch_fondos_movims_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movims/{id}                      
api_ch_fondos_movims_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movims/{id}                      
api_ch_fondos_movims_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos_movims/{id}                      
api_ch_fondos_cget                               GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos                                  
api_ch_fondos_cpost                              POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos                                  
api_ch_fondos_get                                GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos/{id}                             
api_ch_fondos_put                                PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos/{id}                             
api_ch_fondos_delete                             DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_fondos/{id}                             
api_ch_formatos_vars_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_formatos_vars                           
api_ch_formatos_vars_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_formatos_vars                           
api_ch_formatos_vars_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_formatos_vars/{id}                      
api_ch_formatos_vars_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_formatos_vars/{id}                      
api_ch_formatos_vars_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_formatos_vars/{id}                      
api_ch_reembolsos_dets_cget                      GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos_dets                         
api_ch_reembolsos_dets_cpost                     POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos_dets                         
api_ch_reembolsos_dets_get                       GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos_dets/{id}                    
api_ch_reembolsos_dets_put                       PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos_dets/{id}                    
api_ch_reembolsos_dets_delete                    DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos_dets/{id}                    
api_ch_reembolsos_mc_dets_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos_mc_dets                      
api_ch_reembolsos_mc_dets_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos_mc_dets                      
api_ch_reembolsos_mc_dets_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos_mc_dets/{id}                 
api_ch_reembolsos_mc_dets_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos_mc_dets/{id}                 
api_ch_reembolsos_mc_dets_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos_mc_dets/{id}                 
api_ch_reembolsos_mcs_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos_mcs                          
api_ch_reembolsos_mcs_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos_mcs                          
api_ch_reembolsos_mcs_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos_mcs/{id}                     
api_ch_reembolsos_mcs_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos_mcs/{id}                     
api_ch_reembolsos_mcs_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos_mcs/{id}                     
api_ch_reembolsos_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos                              
api_ch_reembolsos_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos                              
api_ch_reembolsos_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos/{id}                         
api_ch_reembolsos_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos/{id}                         
api_ch_reembolsos_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_reembolsos/{id}                         
api_ch_regularidades_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_regularidades                           
api_ch_regularidades_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_regularidades                           
api_ch_regularidades_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_regularidades/{id}                      
api_ch_regularidades_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_regularidades/{id}                      
api_ch_regularidades_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_regularidades/{id}                      
api_ch_submayor_fondos_cget                      GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_submayor_fondos                         
api_ch_submayor_fondos_cpost                     POST   ANY    ANY  /ch_submayor_fondos                         
api_ch_submayor_fondos_get                       GET    ANY    ANY  /ch_submayor_fondos/{id}                    
api_ch_submayor_fondos_put                       PUT    ANY    ANY  /ch_submayor_fondos/{id}                    
api_ch_submayor_fondos_delete                    DELETE ANY    ANY  /ch_submayor_fondos/{id}                    
api_clasificacion_actividads_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_actividads                   
api_clasificacion_actividads_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_actividads                   
api_clasificacion_actividads_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_actividads/{id}              
api_clasificacion_actividads_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_actividads/{id}              
api_clasificacion_actividads_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_actividads/{id}              
api_clasificacion_activofijos_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_activofijos                  
api_clasificacion_activofijos_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_activofijos                  
api_clasificacion_activofijos_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_activofijos/{id}             
api_clasificacion_activofijos_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_activofijos/{id}             
api_clasificacion_activofijos_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_activofijos/{id}             
api_clasificacion_alquilers_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_alquilers                    
api_clasificacion_alquilers_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_alquilers                    
api_clasificacion_alquilers_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_alquilers/{id}               
api_clasificacion_alquilers_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_alquilers/{id}               
api_clasificacion_alquilers_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_alquilers/{id}               
api_clasificacion_clientes_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_clientes                     
api_clasificacion_clientes_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_clientes                     
api_clasificacion_clientes_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_clientes/{id}                
api_clasificacion_clientes_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_clientes/{id}                
api_clasificacion_clientes_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_clientes/{id}                
api_clasificacion_contratos_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_contratos                    
api_clasificacion_contratos_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_contratos                    
api_clasificacion_contratos_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_contratos/{id}               
api_clasificacion_contratos_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_contratos/{id}               
api_clasificacion_contratos_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_contratos/{id}               
api_clasificacion_facturas_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_facturas                     
api_clasificacion_facturas_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_facturas                     
api_clasificacion_facturas_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_facturas/{id}                
api_clasificacion_facturas_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_facturas/{id}                
api_clasificacion_facturas_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_facturas/{id}                
api_clasificacion_fichacostos_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_fichacostos                  
api_clasificacion_fichacostos_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_fichacostos                  
api_clasificacion_fichacostos_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_fichacostos/{id}             
api_clasificacion_fichacostos_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_fichacostos/{id}             
api_clasificacion_fichacostos_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_fichacostos/{id}             
api_clasificacion_fpagos_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_fpagos                       
api_clasificacion_fpagos_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_fpagos                       
api_clasificacion_fpagos_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_fpagos/{id}                  
api_clasificacion_fpagos_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_fpagos/{id}                  
api_clasificacion_fpagos_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_fpagos/{id}                  
api_clasificacion_indicadores_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_indicadores                  
api_clasificacion_indicadores_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_indicadores                  
api_clasificacion_indicadores_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_indicadores/{id}             
api_clasificacion_indicadores_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_indicadores/{id}             
api_clasificacion_indicadores_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_indicadores/{id}             
api_clasificacion_insumos_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_insumos                      
api_clasificacion_insumos_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_insumos                      
api_clasificacion_insumos_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_insumos/{id}                 
api_clasificacion_insumos_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_insumos/{id}                 
api_clasificacion_insumos_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_insumos/{id}                 
api_clasificacion_no_facturars_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_no_facturars                 
api_clasificacion_no_facturars_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_no_facturars                 
api_clasificacion_no_facturars_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_no_facturars/{id}            
api_clasificacion_no_facturars_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_no_facturars/{id}            
api_clasificacion_no_facturars_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_no_facturars/{id}            
api_clasificacion_otrabajos_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_otrabajos                    
api_clasificacion_otrabajos_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_otrabajos                    
api_clasificacion_otrabajos_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_otrabajos/{id}               
api_clasificacion_otrabajos_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_otrabajos/{id}               
api_clasificacion_otrabajos_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_otrabajos/{id}               
api_clasificacion_pedidos_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_pedidos                      
api_clasificacion_pedidos_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_pedidos                      
api_clasificacion_pedidos_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_pedidos/{id}                 
api_clasificacion_pedidos_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_pedidos/{id}                 
api_clasificacion_pedidos_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_pedidos/{id}                 
api_clasificacion_productos_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_productos                    
api_clasificacion_productos_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_productos                    
api_clasificacion_productos_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_productos/{id}               
api_clasificacion_productos_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_productos/{id}               
api_clasificacion_productos_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_productos/{id}               
api_clasificacion_recepciones_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_recepciones                  
api_clasificacion_recepciones_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_recepciones                  
api_clasificacion_recepciones_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_recepciones/{id}             
api_clasificacion_recepciones_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_recepciones/{id}             
api_clasificacion_recepciones_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /clasificacion_recepciones/{id}             
api_claves_sisconts_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /claves_sisconts                            
api_claves_sisconts_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /claves_sisconts                            
api_claves_sisconts_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /claves_sisconts/{id}                       
api_claves_sisconts_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /claves_sisconts/{id}                       
api_claves_sisconts_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /claves_sisconts/{id}                       
api_cliente_contactos_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /cliente_contactos                          
api_cliente_contactos_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /cliente_contactos                          
api_cliente_contactos_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /cliente_contactos/{id}                     
api_cliente_contactos_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /cliente_contactos/{id}                     
api_cliente_contactos_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /cliente_contactos/{id}                     
api_clientes_cget                                GET    ANY    ANY  /clientes                                   
api_clientes_cpost                               POST   ANY    ANY  /clientes                                   
api_clientes_get                                 GET    ANY    ANY  /clientes/{id}                              
api_clientes_put                                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /clientes/{id}                              
api_clientes_delete                              DELETE ANY    ANY  /clientes/{id}                              
api_cliente_productos_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /cliente_productos                          
api_cliente_productos_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /cliente_productos                          
api_cliente_productos_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /cliente_productos/{id}                     
api_cliente_productos_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /cliente_productos/{id}                     
api_cliente_productos_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /cliente_productos/{id}                     
api_cliente_puntos_entregas_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /cliente_puntos_entregas                    
api_cliente_puntos_entregas_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /cliente_puntos_entregas                    
api_cliente_puntos_entregas_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /cliente_puntos_entregas/{id}               
api_cliente_puntos_entregas_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /cliente_puntos_entregas/{id}               
api_cliente_puntos_entregas_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /cliente_puntos_entregas/{id}               
api_clientes_prov_plazos_cobros_cget             GET    ANY    ANY  /clientes_prov_plazos_cobros                
api_clientes_prov_plazos_cobros_cpost            POST   ANY    ANY  /clientes_prov_plazos_cobros                
api_clientes_prov_plazos_cobros_get              GET    ANY    ANY  /clientes_prov_plazos_cobros/{id}           
api_clientes_prov_plazos_cobros_put              PUT    ANY    ANY  /clientes_prov_plazos_cobros/{id}           
api_clientes_prov_plazos_cobros_delete           DELETE ANY    ANY  /clientes_prov_plazos_cobros/{id}           
api_clientes_susdeudas_bcks_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas_bcks                    
api_clientes_susdeudas_bcks_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas_bcks                    
api_clientes_susdeudas_bcks_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas_bcks/{id}               
api_clientes_susdeudas_bcks_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas_bcks/{id}               
api_clientes_susdeudas_bcks_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas_bcks/{id}               
api_clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bdets_cget     GET    ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bdets        
api_clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bdets_cpost    POST   ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bdets        
api_clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bdets_get      GET    ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bdets/{id}   
api_clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bdets_put      PUT    ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bdets/{id}   
api_clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bdets_delete   DELETE ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bdets/{id}   
api_clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bheads_cget    GET    ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bheads       
api_clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bheads_cpost   POST   ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bheads       
api_clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bheads_get     GET    ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bheads/{id}  
api_clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bheads_put     PUT    ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bheads/{id}  
api_clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bheads_delete  DELETE ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas_cambios_cl_bheads/{id}  
api_clientes_susdeudas_cget                      GET    ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas                         
api_clientes_susdeudas_cpost                     POST   ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas                         
api_clientes_susdeudas_get                       GET    ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas/{id}                    
api_clientes_susdeudas_put                       PUT    ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas/{id}                    
api_clientes_susdeudas_delete                    DELETE ANY    ANY  /clientes_susdeudas/{id}                    
api_cnmb_activofijos_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /cnmb_activofijos                           
api_cnmb_activofijos_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /cnmb_activofijos                           
api_cnmb_activofijos_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /cnmb_activofijos/{id}                      
api_cnmb_activofijos_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /cnmb_activofijos/{id}                      
api_cnmb_activofijos_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /cnmb_activofijos/{id}                      
api_cobro_ptoventas_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /cobro_ptoventas                            
api_cobro_ptoventas_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /cobro_ptoventas                            
api_cobro_ptoventas_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /cobro_ptoventas/{id}                       
api_cobro_ptoventas_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /cobro_ptoventas/{id}                       
api_cobro_ptoventas_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /cobro_ptoventas/{id}                       
api_cobros_facturas_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /cobros_facturas                            
api_cobros_facturas_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /cobros_facturas                            
api_cobros_facturas_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /cobros_facturas/{id}                       
api_cobros_facturas_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /cobros_facturas/{id}                       
api_cobros_facturas_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /cobros_facturas/{id}                       
api_cobro_ticketventas_cget                      GET    ANY    ANY  /cobro_ticketventas                         
api_cobro_ticketventas_cpost                     POST   ANY    ANY  /cobro_ticketventas                         
api_cobro_ticketventas_get                       GET    ANY    ANY  /cobro_ticketventas/{id}                    
api_cobro_ticketventas_put                       PUT    ANY    ANY  /cobro_ticketventas/{id}                    
api_cobro_ticketventas_delete                    DELETE ANY    ANY  /cobro_ticketventas/{id}                    
api_comercials_cget                              GET    ANY    ANY  /comercials                                 
api_comercials_cpost                             POST   ANY    ANY  /comercials                                 
api_comercials_get                               GET    ANY    ANY  /comercials/{id}                            
api_comercials_put                               PUT    ANY    ANY  /comercials/{id}                            
api_comercials_delete                            DELETE ANY    ANY  /comercials/{id}                            
api_componentes_cget                             GET    ANY    ANY  /componentes                                
api_componentes_cpost                            POST   ANY    ANY  /componentes                                
api_componentes_get                              GET    ANY    ANY  /componentes/{id}                           
api_componentes_put                              PUT    ANY    ANY  /componentes/{id}                           
api_componentes_delete                           DELETE ANY    ANY  /componentes/{id}                           
api_componenteplans_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /componenteplans                            
api_componenteplans_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /componenteplans                            
api_componenteplans_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /componenteplans/{id}                       
api_componenteplans_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /componenteplans/{id}                       
api_componenteplans_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /componenteplans/{id}                       
api_comprobante_apertura_dets_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /comprobante_apertura_dets                  
api_comprobante_apertura_dets_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /comprobante_apertura_dets                  
api_comprobante_apertura_dets_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /comprobante_apertura_dets/{id}             
api_comprobante_apertura_dets_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /comprobante_apertura_dets/{id}             
api_comprobante_apertura_dets_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /comprobante_apertura_dets/{id}             
api_comprobante_aperturas_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /comprobante_aperturas                      
api_comprobante_aperturas_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /comprobante_aperturas                      
api_comprobante_aperturas_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /comprobante_aperturas/{id}                 
api_comprobante_aperturas_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /comprobante_aperturas/{id}                 
api_comprobante_aperturas_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /comprobante_aperturas/{id}                 
api_comprobantes_cget                            GET    ANY    ANY  /comprobantes                               
api_comprobantes_cpost                           POST   ANY    ANY  /comprobantes                               
api_comprobantes_get                             GET    ANY    ANY  /comprobantes/{id}                          
api_comprobantes_put                             PUT    ANY    ANY  /comprobantes/{id}                          
api_comprobantes_delete                          DELETE ANY    ANY  /comprobantes/{id}                          
api_comprobante_rec_dets_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /comprobante_rec_dets                       
api_comprobante_rec_dets_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /comprobante_rec_dets                       
api_comprobante_rec_dets_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /comprobante_rec_dets/{id}                  
api_comprobante_rec_dets_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /comprobante_rec_dets/{id}                  
api_comprobante_rec_dets_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /comprobante_rec_dets/{id}                  
api_comprobante_recs_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /comprobante_recs                           
api_comprobante_recs_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /comprobante_recs                           
api_comprobante_recs_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /comprobante_recs/{id}                      
api_comprobante_recs_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /comprobante_recs/{id}                      
api_comprobante_recs_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /comprobante_recs/{id}                      
api_comproimportados_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /comproimportados                           
api_comproimportados_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /comproimportados                           
api_comproimportados_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /comproimportados/{id}                      
api_comproimportados_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /comproimportados/{id}                      
api_comproimportados_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /comproimportados/{id}                      
api_comproitems_cget                             GET    ANY    ANY  /comproitems                                
api_comproitems_cpost                            POST   ANY    ANY  /comproitems                                
api_comproitems_get                              GET    ANY    ANY  /comproitems/{id}                           
api_comproitems_put                              PUT    ANY    ANY  /comproitems/{id}                           
api_comproitems_delete                           DELETE ANY    ANY  /comproitems/{id}                           
api_conceptos_cget                               GET    ANY    ANY  /conceptos                                  
api_conceptos_cpost                              POST   ANY    ANY  /conceptos                                  
api_conceptos_get                                GET    ANY    ANY  /conceptos/{id}                             
api_conceptos_put                                PUT    ANY    ANY  /conceptos/{id}                             
api_conceptos_delete                             DELETE ANY    ANY  /conceptos/{id}                             
api_config_exports_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /config_exports                             
api_config_exports_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /config_exports                             
api_config_exports_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /config_exports/{id}                        
api_config_exports_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /config_exports/{id}                        
api_config_exports_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /config_exports/{id}                        
api_consumoefectivos_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /consumoefectivos                           
api_consumoefectivos_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /consumoefectivos                           
api_consumoefectivos_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /consumoefectivos/{id}                      
api_consumoefectivos_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /consumoefectivos/{id}                      
api_consumoefectivos_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /consumoefectivos/{id}                      
api_contratoservicios_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /contratoservicios                          
api_contratoservicios_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /contratoservicios                          
api_contratoservicios_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /contratoservicios/{id}                     
api_contratoservicios_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /contratoservicios/{id}                     
api_contratoservicios_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /contratoservicios/{id}                     
api_control_activofijos_cget                     GET    ANY    ANY  /control_activofijos                        
api_control_activofijos_cpost                    POST   ANY    ANY  /control_activofijos                        
api_control_activofijos_get                      GET    ANY    ANY  /control_activofijos/{id}                   
api_control_activofijos_put                      PUT    ANY    ANY  /control_activofijos/{id}                   
api_control_activofijos_delete                   DELETE ANY    ANY  /control_activofijos/{id}                   
api_control_contabilidads_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /control_contabilidads                      
api_control_contabilidads_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /control_contabilidads                      
api_control_contabilidads_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /control_contabilidads/{id}                 
api_control_contabilidads_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /control_contabilidads/{id}                 
api_control_contabilidads_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /control_contabilidads/{id}                 
api_control_finanzas_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /control_finanzas                           
api_control_finanzas_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /control_finanzas                           
api_control_finanzas_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /control_finanzas/{id}                      
api_control_finanzas_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /control_finanzas/{id}                      
api_control_finanzas_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /control_finanzas/{id}                      
api_control_inventarios_cget                     GET    ANY    ANY  /control_inventarios                        
api_control_inventarios_cpost                    POST   ANY    ANY  /control_inventarios                        
api_control_inventarios_get                      GET    ANY    ANY  /control_inventarios/{id}                   
api_control_inventarios_put                      PUT    ANY    ANY  /control_inventarios/{id}                   
api_control_inventarios_delete                   DELETE ANY    ANY  /control_inventarios/{id}                   
api_costeo_pec_configs_cget                      GET    ANY    ANY  /costeo_pec_configs                         
api_costeo_pec_configs_cpost                     POST   ANY    ANY  /costeo_pec_configs                         
api_costeo_pec_configs_get                       GET    ANY    ANY  /costeo_pec_configs/{id}                    
api_costeo_pec_configs_put                       PUT    ANY    ANY  /costeo_pec_configs/{id}                    
api_costeo_pec_configs_delete                    DELETE ANY    ANY  /costeo_pec_configs/{id}                    
api_costeo_pecuario_dets_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /costeo_pecuario_dets                       
api_costeo_pecuario_dets_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /costeo_pecuario_dets                       
api_costeo_pecuario_dets_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /costeo_pecuario_dets/{id}                  
api_costeo_pecuario_dets_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /costeo_pecuario_dets/{id}                  
api_costeo_pecuario_dets_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /costeo_pecuario_dets/{id}                  
api_costeo_pecuarios_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /costeo_pecuarios                           
api_costeo_pecuarios_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /costeo_pecuarios                           
api_costeo_pecuarios_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /costeo_pecuarios/{id}                      
api_costeo_pecuarios_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /costeo_pecuarios/{id}                      
api_costeo_pecuarios_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /costeo_pecuarios/{id}                      
api_costeos_cget                                 GET    ANY    ANY  /costeos                                    
api_costeos_cpost                                POST   ANY    ANY  /costeos                                    
api_costeos_get                                  GET    ANY    ANY  /costeos/{id}                               
api_costeos_put                                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /costeos/{id}                               
api_costeos_delete                               DELETE ANY    ANY  /costeos/{id}                               
api_costoefectivos_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /costoefectivos                             
api_costoefectivos_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /costoefectivos                             
api_costoefectivos_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /costoefectivos/{id}                        
api_costoefectivos_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /costoefectivos/{id}                        
api_costoefectivos_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /costoefectivos/{id}                        
api_countries_cget                               GET    ANY    ANY  /countries                                  
api_countries_cpost                              POST   ANY    ANY  /countries                                  
api_countries_get                                GET    ANY    ANY  /countries/{id}                             
api_countries_put                                PUT    ANY    ANY  /countries/{id}                             
api_countries_delete                             DELETE ANY    ANY  /countries/{id}                             
api_criterio_precio_ventaclasis_cget             GET    ANY    ANY  /criterio_precio_ventaclasis                
api_criterio_precio_ventaclasis_cpost            POST   ANY    ANY  /criterio_precio_ventaclasis                
api_criterio_precio_ventaclasis_get              GET    ANY    ANY  /criterio_precio_ventaclasis/{id}           
api_criterio_precio_ventaclasis_put              PUT    ANY    ANY  /criterio_precio_ventaclasis/{id}           
api_criterio_precio_ventaclasis_delete           DELETE ANY    ANY  /criterio_precio_ventaclasis/{id}           
api_criterio_precio_ventas_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /criterio_precio_ventas                     
api_criterio_precio_ventas_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /criterio_precio_ventas                     
api_criterio_precio_ventas_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /criterio_precio_ventas/{id}                
api_criterio_precio_ventas_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /criterio_precio_ventas/{id}                
api_criterio_precio_ventas_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /criterio_precio_ventas/{id}                
api_crm_abc_compras_mcs_cget                     GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_abc_compras_mcs                        
api_crm_abc_compras_mcs_cpost                    POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_abc_compras_mcs                        
api_crm_abc_compras_mcs_get                      GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_abc_compras_mcs/{id}                   
api_crm_abc_compras_mcs_put                      PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_abc_compras_mcs/{id}                   
api_crm_abc_compras_mcs_delete                   DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_abc_compras_mcs/{id}                   
api_crm_abc_compras_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_abc_compras                            
api_crm_abc_compras_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_abc_compras                            
api_crm_abc_compras_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_abc_compras/{id}                       
api_crm_abc_compras_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_abc_compras/{id}                       
api_crm_abc_compras_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_abc_compras/{id}                       
api_crm_caracterizacions_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_caracterizacions                       
api_crm_caracterizacions_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_caracterizacions                       
api_crm_caracterizacions_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_caracterizacions/{id}                  
api_crm_caracterizacions_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_caracterizacions/{id}                  
api_crm_caracterizacions_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_caracterizacions/{id}                  
api_crm_cat_cliente_pots_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_cliente_pots                       
api_crm_cat_cliente_pots_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_cliente_pots                       
api_crm_cat_cliente_pots_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_cliente_pots/{id}                  
api_crm_cat_cliente_pots_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_cliente_pots/{id}                  
api_crm_cat_cliente_pots_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_cliente_pots/{id}                  
api_crm_cat_clientes_pot_estados_cget            GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_clientes_pot_estados               
api_crm_cat_clientes_pot_estados_cpost           POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_clientes_pot_estados               
api_crm_cat_clientes_pot_estados_get             GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_clientes_pot_estados/{id}          
api_crm_cat_clientes_pot_estados_put             PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_clientes_pot_estados/{id}          
api_crm_cat_clientes_pot_estados_delete          DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_clientes_pot_estados/{id}          
api_crm_cat_motivos_interes_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_motivos_interes                    
api_crm_cat_motivos_interes_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_motivos_interes                    
api_crm_cat_motivos_interes_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_motivos_interes/{id}               
api_crm_cat_motivos_interes_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_motivos_interes/{id}               
api_crm_cat_motivos_interes_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_motivos_interes/{id}               
api_crm_cat_resp_docs_quegeneras_cget            GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_docs_quegeneras               
api_crm_cat_resp_docs_quegeneras_cpost           POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_docs_quegeneras               
api_crm_cat_resp_docs_quegeneras_get             GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_docs_quegeneras/{id}          
api_crm_cat_resp_docs_quegeneras_put             PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_docs_quegeneras/{id}          
api_crm_cat_resp_docs_quegeneras_delete          DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_docs_quegeneras/{id}          
api_crm_cat_resp_estados_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_estados                       
api_crm_cat_resp_estados_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_estados                       
api_crm_cat_resp_estados_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_estados/{id}                  
api_crm_cat_resp_estados_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_estados/{id}                  
api_crm_cat_resp_estados_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_estados/{id}                  
api_crm_cat_resp_motivos_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_motivos                       
api_crm_cat_resp_motivos_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_motivos                       
api_crm_cat_resp_motivos_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_motivos/{id}                  
api_crm_cat_resp_motivos_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_motivos/{id}                  
api_crm_cat_resp_motivos_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_motivos/{id}                  
api_crm_cat_resp_vias_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_vias                          
api_crm_cat_resp_vias_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_vias                          
api_crm_cat_resp_vias_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_vias/{id}                     
api_crm_cat_resp_vias_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_vias/{id}                     
api_crm_cat_resp_vias_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_resp_vias/{id}                     
api_crm_cat_solic_answers_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_solic_answers                      
api_crm_cat_solic_answers_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_solic_answers                      
api_crm_cat_solic_answers_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_solic_answers/{id}                 
api_crm_cat_solic_answers_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_solic_answers/{id}                 
api_crm_cat_solic_answers_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_solic_answers/{id}                 
api_crm_cat_solic_formas_rxes_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_solic_formas_rxes                  
api_crm_cat_solic_formas_rxes_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_solic_formas_rxes                  
api_crm_cat_solic_formas_rxes_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_solic_formas_rxes/{id}             
api_crm_cat_solic_formas_rxes_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_solic_formas_rxes/{id}             
api_crm_cat_solic_formas_rxes_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_solic_formas_rxes/{id}             
api_crm_cat_solic_tipos_cget                     GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_solic_tipos                        
api_crm_cat_solic_tipos_cpost                    POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_solic_tipos                        
api_crm_cat_solic_tipos_get                      GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_solic_tipos/{id}                   
api_crm_cat_solic_tipos_put                      PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_solic_tipos/{id}                   
api_crm_cat_solic_tipos_delete                   DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_cat_solic_tipos/{id}                   
api_crm_cliente_contactos_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cliente_contactos                      
api_crm_cliente_contactos_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_cliente_contactos                      
api_crm_cliente_contactos_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cliente_contactos/{id}                 
api_crm_cliente_contactos_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_cliente_contactos/{id}                 
api_crm_cliente_contactos_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_cliente_contactos/{id}                 
api_crm_cliente_productos_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cliente_productos                      
api_crm_cliente_productos_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_cliente_productos                      
api_crm_cliente_productos_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_cliente_productos/{id}                 
api_crm_cliente_productos_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_cliente_productos/{id}                 
api_crm_cliente_productos_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_cliente_productos/{id}                 
api_crm_clientes_consecs_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_clientes_consecs                       
api_crm_clientes_consecs_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_clientes_consecs                       
api_crm_clientes_consecs_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_clientes_consecs/{id}                  
api_crm_clientes_consecs_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_clientes_consecs/{id}                  
api_crm_clientes_consecs_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_clientes_consecs/{id}                  
api_crm_clientes_potenciales_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_clientes_potenciales                   
api_crm_clientes_potenciales_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_clientes_potenciales                   
api_crm_clientes_potenciales_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_clientes_potenciales/{id}              
api_crm_clientes_potenciales_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_clientes_potenciales/{id}              
api_crm_clientes_potenciales_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_clientes_potenciales/{id}              
api_crm_pedidos_cget                             GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_pedidos                                
api_crm_pedidos_cpost                            POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_pedidos                                
api_crm_pedidos_get                              GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_pedidos/{id}                           
api_crm_pedidos_put                              PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_pedidos/{id}                           
api_crm_pedidos_delete                           DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_pedidos/{id}                           
api_crm_resp_aclientes_cget                      GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_resp_aclientes                         
api_crm_resp_aclientes_cpost                     POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_resp_aclientes                         
api_crm_resp_aclientes_get                       GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_resp_aclientes/{id}                    
api_crm_resp_aclientes_put                       PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_resp_aclientes/{id}                    
api_crm_resp_aclientes_delete                    DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_resp_aclientes/{id}                    
api_crm_situacion_clientes_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_situacion_clientes                     
api_crm_situacion_clientes_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_situacion_clientes                     
api_crm_situacion_clientes_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_situacion_clientes/{id}                
api_crm_situacion_clientes_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_situacion_clientes/{id}                
api_crm_situacion_clientes_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_situacion_clientes/{id}                
api_crm_solicitudes_clientes_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_solicitudes_clientes                   
api_crm_solicitudes_clientes_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_solicitudes_clientes                   
api_crm_solicitudes_clientes_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_solicitudes_clientes/{id}              
api_crm_solicitudes_clientes_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_solicitudes_clientes/{id}              
api_crm_solicitudes_clientes_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_solicitudes_clientes/{id}              
api_crm_ventas_productos_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_ventas_productos                       
api_crm_ventas_productos_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /crm_ventas_productos                       
api_crm_ventas_productos_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /crm_ventas_productos/{id}                  
api_crm_ventas_productos_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /crm_ventas_productos/{id}                  
api_crm_ventas_productos_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /crm_ventas_productos/{id}                  
api_cuadre_afijos_configs_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_afijos_configs                      
api_cuadre_afijos_configs_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /cuadre_afijos_configs                      
api_cuadre_afijos_configs_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_afijos_configs/{id}                 
api_cuadre_afijos_configs_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_afijos_configs/{id}                 
api_cuadre_afijos_configs_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuadre_afijos_configs/{id}                 
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_anticipos_cget        GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_anticipos           
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_anticipos_cpost       POST   ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_anticipos           
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_anticipos_get         GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_anticipos/{id}      
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_anticipos_put         PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_anticipos/{id}      
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_anticipos_delete      DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_anticipos/{id}      
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_cxc1s_cget            GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_cxc1s               
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_cxc1s_cpost           POST   ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_cxc1s               
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_cxc1s_get             GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_cxc1s/{id}          
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_cxc1s_put             PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_cxc1s/{id}          
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_cxc1s_delete          DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_cxc1s/{id}          
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_cxp2s_cget            GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_cxp2s               
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_cxp2s_cpost           POST   ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_cxp2s               
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_cxp2s_get             GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_cxp2s/{id}          
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_cxp2s_put             PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_cxp2s/{id}          
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_cxp2s_delete          DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_cxp2s/{id}          
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_efectos_cget          GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_efectos             
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_efectos_cpost         POST   ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_efectos             
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_efectos_get           GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_efectos/{id}        
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_efectos_put           PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_efectos/{id}        
api_cuadre_finanzas_config_efectos_delete        DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuadre_finanzas_config_efectos/{id}        
api_cuadre_inventario_configs_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_inventario_configs                  
api_cuadre_inventario_configs_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /cuadre_inventario_configs                  
api_cuadre_inventario_configs_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_inventario_configs/{id}             
api_cuadre_inventario_configs_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_inventario_configs/{id}             
api_cuadre_inventario_configs_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuadre_inventario_configs/{id}             
api_cuadre_rh_configs_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_rh_configs                          
api_cuadre_rh_configs_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /cuadre_rh_configs                          
api_cuadre_rh_configs_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_rh_configs/{id}                     
api_cuadre_rh_configs_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_rh_configs/{id}                     
api_cuadre_rh_configs_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuadre_rh_configs/{id}                     
api_cuadre_utiles_configs_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_utiles_configs                      
api_cuadre_utiles_configs_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /cuadre_utiles_configs                      
api_cuadre_utiles_configs_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_utiles_configs/{id}                 
api_cuadre_utiles_configs_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuadre_utiles_configs/{id}                 
api_cuadre_utiles_configs_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuadre_utiles_configs/{id}                 
api_cuentas_cget                                 GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas                                    
api_cuentas_cpost                                POST   ANY    ANY  /cuentas                                    
api_cuentas_get                                  GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas/{id}                               
api_cuentas_put                                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuentas/{id}                               
api_cuentas_delete                               DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuentas/{id}                               
api_cuentas_autos_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_autos                              
api_cuentas_autos_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /cuentas_autos                              
api_cuentas_autos_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_autos/{id}                         
api_cuentas_autos_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_autos/{id}                         
api_cuentas_autos_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuentas_autos/{id}                         
api_cuentas_bases_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_bases                              
api_cuentas_bases_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /cuentas_bases                              
api_cuentas_bases_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_bases/{id}                         
api_cuentas_bases_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_bases/{id}                         
api_cuentas_bases_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuentas_bases/{id}                         
api_cuentas_cierres_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierres                            
api_cuentas_cierres_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierres                            
api_cuentas_cierres_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierres/{id}                       
api_cuentas_cierres_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierres/{id}                       
api_cuentas_cierres_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierres/{id}                       
api_cuentas_cierre_pproceso_pars_cget            GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierre_pproceso_pars               
api_cuentas_cierre_pproceso_pars_cpost           POST   ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierre_pproceso_pars               
api_cuentas_cierre_pproceso_pars_get             GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierre_pproceso_pars/{id}          
api_cuentas_cierre_pproceso_pars_put             PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierre_pproceso_pars/{id}          
api_cuentas_cierre_pproceso_pars_delete          DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierre_pproceso_pars/{id}          
api_cuentas_cierre_pprocesos_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierre_pprocesos                   
api_cuentas_cierre_pprocesos_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierre_pprocesos                   
api_cuentas_cierre_pprocesos_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierre_pprocesos/{id}              
api_cuentas_cierre_pprocesos_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierre_pprocesos/{id}              
api_cuentas_cierre_pprocesos_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierre_pprocesos/{id}              
api_cuentas_cierre_pproc_jgs_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierre_pproc_jgs                   
api_cuentas_cierre_pproc_jgs_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierre_pproc_jgs                   
api_cuentas_cierre_pproc_jgs_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierre_pproc_jgs/{id}              
api_cuentas_cierre_pproc_jgs_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierre_pproc_jgs/{id}              
api_cuentas_cierre_pproc_jgs_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuentas_cierre_pproc_jgs/{id}              
api_cuentas_costeo_agricolas_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_costeo_agricolas                   
api_cuentas_costeo_agricolas_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /cuentas_costeo_agricolas                   
api_cuentas_costeo_agricolas_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_costeo_agricolas/{id}              
api_cuentas_costeo_agricolas_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_costeo_agricolas/{id}              
api_cuentas_costeo_agricolas_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuentas_costeo_agricolas/{id}              
api_cuentas_distribuyens_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_distribuyens                       
api_cuentas_distribuyens_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /cuentas_distribuyens                       
api_cuentas_distribuyens_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_distribuyens/{id}                  
api_cuentas_distribuyens_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_distribuyens/{id}                  
api_cuentas_distribuyens_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuentas_distribuyens/{id}                  
api_cuentas_recibens_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_recibens                           
api_cuentas_recibens_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /cuentas_recibens                           
api_cuentas_recibens_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_recibens/{id}                      
api_cuentas_recibens_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /cuentas_recibens/{id}                      
api_cuentas_recibens_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /cuentas_recibens/{id}                      
api_cumplisolicituds_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /cumplisolicituds                           
api_cumplisolicituds_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /cumplisolicituds                           
api_cumplisolicituds_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /cumplisolicituds/{id}                      
api_cumplisolicituds_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /cumplisolicituds/{id}                      
api_cumplisolicituds_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /cumplisolicituds/{id}                      
api_cz_module_active_bcks_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /cz_module_active_bcks                      
api_cz_module_active_bcks_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /cz_module_active_bcks                      
api_cz_module_active_bcks_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /cz_module_active_bcks/{id}                 
api_cz_module_active_bcks_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /cz_module_active_bcks/{id}                 
api_cz_module_active_bcks_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /cz_module_active_bcks/{id}                 
api_cz_module_actives_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /cz_module_actives                          
api_cz_module_actives_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /cz_module_actives                          
api_cz_module_actives_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /cz_module_actives/{id}                     
api_cz_module_actives_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /cz_module_actives/{id}                     
api_cz_module_actives_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /cz_module_actives/{id}                     
api_cz_module_cns_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /cz_module_cns                              
api_cz_module_cns_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /cz_module_cns                              
api_cz_module_cns_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /cz_module_cns/{id}                         
api_cz_module_cns_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /cz_module_cns/{id}                         
api_cz_module_cns_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /cz_module_cns/{id}                         
api_cz_module_lcs_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /cz_module_lcs                              
api_cz_module_lcs_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /cz_module_lcs                              
api_cz_module_lcs_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /cz_module_lcs/{id}                         
api_cz_module_lcs_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /cz_module_lcs/{id}                         
api_cz_module_lcs_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /cz_module_lcs/{id}                         
api_departamentos_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /departamentos                              
api_departamentos_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /departamentos                              
api_departamentos_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /departamentos/{id}                         
api_departamentos_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /departamentos/{id}                         
api_departamentos_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /departamentos/{id}                         
api_depreciacionmensuals_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /depreciacionmensuals                       
api_depreciacionmensuals_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /depreciacionmensuals                       
api_depreciacionmensuals_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /depreciacionmensuals/{id}                  
api_depreciacionmensuals_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /depreciacionmensuals/{id}                  
api_depreciacionmensuals_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /depreciacionmensuals/{id}                  
api_deprecia_temps_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /deprecia_temps                             
api_deprecia_temps_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /deprecia_temps                             
api_deprecia_temps_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /deprecia_temps/{id}                        
api_deprecia_temps_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /deprecia_temps/{id}                        
api_deprecia_temps_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /deprecia_temps/{id}                        
api_detalle_ajusteclasis_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ajusteclasis                       
api_detalle_ajusteclasis_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_ajusteclasis                       
api_detalle_ajusteclasis_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ajusteclasis/{id}                  
api_detalle_ajusteclasis_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ajusteclasis/{id}                  
api_detalle_ajusteclasis_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_ajusteclasis/{id}                  
api_detalle_ajustegastos_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ajustegastos                       
api_detalle_ajustegastos_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_ajustegastos                       
api_detalle_ajustegastos_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ajustegastos/{id}                  
api_detalle_ajustegastos_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ajustegastos/{id}                  
api_detalle_ajustegastos_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_ajustegastos/{id}                  
api_detalle_ajustes_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ajustes                            
api_detalle_ajustes_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_ajustes                            
api_detalle_ajustes_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ajustes/{id}                       
api_detalle_ajustes_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ajustes/{id}                       
api_detalle_ajustes_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_ajustes/{id}                       
api_detalle_alquilermovajts_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilermovajts                    
api_detalle_alquilermovajts_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilermovajts                    
api_detalle_alquilermovajts_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilermovajts/{id}               
api_detalle_alquilermovajts_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilermovajts/{id}               
api_detalle_alquilermovajts_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilermovajts/{id}               
api_detalle_alquilermovins_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilermovins                     
api_detalle_alquilermovins_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilermovins                     
api_detalle_alquilermovins_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilermovins/{id}                
api_detalle_alquilermovins_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilermovins/{id}                
api_detalle_alquilermovins_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilermovins/{id}                
api_detalle_alquilermovouts_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilermovouts                    
api_detalle_alquilermovouts_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilermovouts                    
api_detalle_alquilermovouts_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilermovouts/{id}               
api_detalle_alquilermovouts_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilermovouts/{id}               
api_detalle_alquilermovouts_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilermovouts/{id}               
api_detalle_alquilers_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilers                          
api_detalle_alquilers_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilers                          
api_detalle_alquilers_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilers/{id}                     
api_detalle_alquilers_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilers/{id}                     
api_detalle_alquilers_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_alquilers/{id}                     
api_detalle_cantidadefectivas_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_cantidadefectivas                  
api_detalle_cantidadefectivas_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_cantidadefectivas                  
api_detalle_cantidadefectivas_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_cantidadefectivas/{id}             
api_detalle_cantidadefectivas_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_cantidadefectivas/{id}             
api_detalle_cantidadefectivas_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_cantidadefectivas/{id}             
api_detalle_comprobantes_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_comprobantes                       
api_detalle_comprobantes_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_comprobantes                       
api_detalle_comprobantes_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_comprobantes/{id}                  
api_detalle_comprobantes_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_comprobantes/{id}                  
api_detalle_comprobantes_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_comprobantes/{id}                  
api_detalle_consumoefectivos_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_consumoefectivos                   
api_detalle_consumoefectivos_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_consumoefectivos                   
api_detalle_consumoefectivos_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_consumoefectivos/{id}              
api_detalle_consumoefectivos_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_consumoefectivos/{id}              
api_detalle_consumoefectivos_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_consumoefectivos/{id}              
api_detalle_contratoservicios_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_contratoservicios                  
api_detalle_contratoservicios_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_contratoservicios                  
api_detalle_contratoservicios_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_contratoservicios/{id}             
api_detalle_contratoservicios_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_contratoservicios/{id}             
api_detalle_contratoservicios_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_contratoservicios/{id}             
api_detalle_costoefectivos_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_costoefectivos                     
api_detalle_costoefectivos_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_costoefectivos                     
api_detalle_costoefectivos_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_costoefectivos/{id}                
api_detalle_costoefectivos_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_costoefectivos/{id}                
api_detalle_costoefectivos_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_costoefectivos/{id}                
api_detalle_cumplisolicituds_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_cumplisolicituds                   
api_detalle_cumplisolicituds_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_cumplisolicituds                   
api_detalle_cumplisolicituds_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_cumplisolicituds/{id}              
api_detalle_cumplisolicituds_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_cumplisolicituds/{id}              
api_detalle_cumplisolicituds_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_cumplisolicituds/{id}              
api_detalle_devolucions_cget                     GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_devolucions                        
api_detalle_devolucions_cpost                    POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_devolucions                        
api_detalle_devolucions_get                      GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_devolucions/{id}                   
api_detalle_devolucions_put                      PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_devolucions/{id}                   
api_detalle_devolucions_delete                   DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_devolucions/{id}                   
api_detalle_facturas_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_facturas                           
api_detalle_facturas_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_facturas                           
api_detalle_facturas_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_facturas/{id}                      
api_detalle_facturas_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_facturas/{id}                      
api_detalle_facturas_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_facturas/{id}                      
api_detalle_generaajustes_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_generaajustes                      
api_detalle_generaajustes_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_generaajustes                      
api_detalle_generaajustes_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_generaajustes/{id}                 
api_detalle_generaajustes_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_generaajustes/{id}                 
api_detalle_generaajustes_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_generaajustes/{id}                 
api_detalle_hojaconteos_cget                     GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_hojaconteos                        
api_detalle_hojaconteos_cpost                    POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_hojaconteos                        
api_detalle_hojaconteos_get                      GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_hojaconteos/{id}                   
api_detalle_hojaconteos_put                      PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_hojaconteos/{id}                   
api_detalle_hojaconteos_delete                   DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_hojaconteos/{id}                   
api_detalle_opcostoefectivos_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_opcostoefectivos                   
api_detalle_opcostoefectivos_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_opcostoefectivos                   
api_detalle_opcostoefectivos_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_opcostoefectivos/{id}              
api_detalle_opcostoefectivos_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_opcostoefectivos/{id}              
api_detalle_opcostoefectivos_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_opcostoefectivos/{id}              
api_detalle_ordencompradocs_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordencompradocs                    
api_detalle_ordencompradocs_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordencompradocs                    
api_detalle_ordencompradocs_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordencompradocs/{id}               
api_detalle_ordencompradocs_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordencompradocs/{id}               
api_detalle_ordencompradocs_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordencompradocs/{id}               
api_detalle_ordencompras_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordencompras                       
api_detalle_ordencompras_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordencompras                       
api_detalle_ordencompras_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordencompras/{id}                  
api_detalle_ordencompras_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordencompras/{id}                  
api_detalle_ordencompras_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordencompras/{id}                  
api_detalle_ordenentregas_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordenentregas                      
api_detalle_ordenentregas_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordenentregas                      
api_detalle_ordenentregas_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordenentregas/{id}                 
api_detalle_ordenentregas_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordenentregas/{id}                 
api_detalle_ordenentregas_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordenentregas/{id}                 
api_detalle_ordenproduccions_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordenproduccions                   
api_detalle_ordenproduccions_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordenproduccions                   
api_detalle_ordenproduccions_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordenproduccions/{id}              
api_detalle_ordenproduccions_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordenproduccions/{id}              
api_detalle_ordenproduccions_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordenproduccions/{id}              
api_detalle_ordentrabajos_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordentrabajos                      
api_detalle_ordentrabajos_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordentrabajos                      
api_detalle_ordentrabajos_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordentrabajos/{id}                 
api_detalle_ordentrabajos_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordentrabajos/{id}                 
api_detalle_ordentrabajos_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_ordentrabajos/{id}                 
api_detalle_otactividadprods_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_otactividadprods                   
api_detalle_otactividadprods_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_otactividadprods                   
api_detalle_otactividadprods_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_otactividadprods/{id}              
api_detalle_otactividadprods_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_otactividadprods/{id}              
api_detalle_otactividadprods_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_otactividadprods/{id}              
api_detalle_otrabajoactividads_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_otrabajoactividads                 
api_detalle_otrabajoactividads_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_otrabajoactividads                 
api_detalle_otrabajoactividads_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_otrabajoactividads/{id}            
api_detalle_otrabajoactividads_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_otrabajoactividads/{id}            
api_detalle_otrabajoactividads_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_otrabajoactividads/{id}            
api_detalle_otrabajoindicadors_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_otrabajoindicadors                 
api_detalle_otrabajoindicadors_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_otrabajoindicadors                 
api_detalle_otrabajoindicadors_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_otrabajoindicadors/{id}            
api_detalle_otrabajoindicadors_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_otrabajoindicadors/{id}            
api_detalle_otrabajoindicadors_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_otrabajoindicadors/{id}            
api_detalle_otrabajolabors_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_otrabajolabors                     
api_detalle_otrabajolabors_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_otrabajolabors                     
api_detalle_otrabajolabors_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_otrabajolabors/{id}                
api_detalle_otrabajolabors_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_otrabajolabors/{id}                
api_detalle_otrabajolabors_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_otrabajolabors/{id}                
api_detalle_pedidos_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_pedidos                            
api_detalle_pedidos_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_pedidos                            
api_detalle_pedidos_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_pedidos/{id}                       
api_detalle_pedidos_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_pedidos/{id}                       
api_detalle_pedidos_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_pedidos/{id}                       
api_detalle_pedidoseguimtos_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_pedidoseguimtos                    
api_detalle_pedidoseguimtos_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_pedidoseguimtos                    
api_detalle_pedidoseguimtos_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_pedidoseguimtos/{id}               
api_detalle_pedidoseguimtos_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_pedidoseguimtos/{id}               
api_detalle_pedidoseguimtos_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_pedidoseguimtos/{id}               
api_detalle_porcionamientos_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_porcionamientos                    
api_detalle_porcionamientos_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_porcionamientos                    
api_detalle_porcionamientos_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_porcionamientos/{id}               
api_detalle_porcionamientos_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_porcionamientos/{id}               
api_detalle_porcionamientos_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_porcionamientos/{id}               
api_detalle_ppagos_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ppagos                             
api_detalle_ppagos_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_ppagos                             
api_detalle_ppagos_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ppagos/{id}                        
api_detalle_ppagos_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ppagos/{id}                        
api_detalle_ppagos_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_ppagos/{id}                        
api_detalle_preactividadprods_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_preactividadprods                  
api_detalle_preactividadprods_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_preactividadprods                  
api_detalle_preactividadprods_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_preactividadprods/{id}             
api_detalle_preactividadprods_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_preactividadprods/{id}             
api_detalle_preactividadprods_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_preactividadprods/{id}             
api_detalle_preordenactividads_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_preordenactividads                 
api_detalle_preordenactividads_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_preordenactividads                 
api_detalle_preordenactividads_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_preordenactividads/{id}            
api_detalle_preordenactividads_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_preordenactividads/{id}            
api_detalle_preordenactividads_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_preordenactividads/{id}            
api_detalle_preordenindicadors_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_preordenindicadors                 
api_detalle_preordenindicadors_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_preordenindicadors                 
api_detalle_preordenindicadors_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_preordenindicadors/{id}            
api_detalle_preordenindicadors_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_preordenindicadors/{id}            
api_detalle_preordenindicadors_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_preordenindicadors/{id}            
api_detalle_preordenlabors_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_preordenlabors                     
api_detalle_preordenlabors_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_preordenlabors                     
api_detalle_preordenlabors_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_preordenlabors/{id}                
api_detalle_preordenlabors_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_preordenlabors/{id}                
api_detalle_preordenlabors_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_preordenlabors/{id}                
api_detalle_recepciongastos_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_recepciongastos                    
api_detalle_recepciongastos_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_recepciongastos                    
api_detalle_recepciongastos_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_recepciongastos/{id}               
api_detalle_recepciongastos_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_recepciongastos/{id}               
api_detalle_recepciongastos_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_recepciongastos/{id}               
api_detalle_recepcions_cget                      GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_recepcions                         
api_detalle_recepcions_cpost                     POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_recepcions                         
api_detalle_recepcions_get                       GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_recepcions/{id}                    
api_detalle_recepcions_put                       PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_recepcions/{id}                    
api_detalle_recepcions_delete                    DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_recepcions/{id}                    
api_detalle_registroprecios_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_registroprecios                    
api_detalle_registroprecios_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_registroprecios                    
api_detalle_registroprecios_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_registroprecios/{id}               
api_detalle_registroprecios_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_registroprecios/{id}               
api_detalle_registroprecios_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_registroprecios/{id}               
api_detalles_activos_fijos_alquilers_cget        GET    ANY    ANY  /detalles_activos_fijos_alquilers           
api_detalles_activos_fijos_alquilers_cpost       POST   ANY    ANY  /detalles_activos_fijos_alquilers           
api_detalles_activos_fijos_alquilers_get         GET    ANY    ANY  /detalles_activos_fijos_alquilers/{id}      
api_detalles_activos_fijos_alquilers_put         PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalles_activos_fijos_alquilers/{id}      
api_detalles_activos_fijos_alquilers_delete      DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalles_activos_fijos_alquilers/{id}      
api_detalles_activos_fijos_recibidos_cget        GET    ANY    ANY  /detalles_activos_fijos_recibidos           
api_detalles_activos_fijos_recibidos_cpost       POST   ANY    ANY  /detalles_activos_fijos_recibidos           
api_detalles_activos_fijos_recibidos_get         GET    ANY    ANY  /detalles_activos_fijos_recibidos/{id}      
api_detalles_activos_fijos_recibidos_put         PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalles_activos_fijos_recibidos/{id}      
api_detalles_activos_fijos_recibidos_delete      DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalles_activos_fijos_recibidos/{id}      
api_detalles_genocompras_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /detalles_genocompras                       
api_detalles_genocompras_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /detalles_genocompras                       
api_detalles_genocompras_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /detalles_genocompras/{id}                  
api_detalles_genocompras_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalles_genocompras/{id}                  
api_detalles_genocompras_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalles_genocompras/{id}                  
api_detalle_solicitudmercas_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_solicitudmercas                    
api_detalle_solicitudmercas_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_solicitudmercas                    
api_detalle_solicitudmercas_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_solicitudmercas/{id}               
api_detalle_solicitudmercas_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_solicitudmercas/{id}               
api_detalle_solicitudmercas_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_solicitudmercas/{id}               
api_detalle_ticketventas_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ticketventas                       
api_detalle_ticketventas_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_ticketventas                       
api_detalle_ticketventas_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ticketventas/{id}                  
api_detalle_ticketventas_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_ticketventas/{id}                  
api_detalle_ticketventas_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_ticketventas/{id}                  
api_detalle_valesalidas_cget                     GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_valesalidas                        
api_detalle_valesalidas_cpost                    POST   ANY    ANY  /detalle_valesalidas                        
api_detalle_valesalidas_get                      GET    ANY    ANY  /detalle_valesalidas/{id}                   
api_detalle_valesalidas_put                      PUT    ANY    ANY  /detalle_valesalidas/{id}                   
api_detalle_valesalidas_delete                   DELETE ANY    ANY  /detalle_valesalidas/{id}                   
api_devolucions_cget                             GET    ANY    ANY  /devolucions                                
api_devolucions_cpost                            POST   ANY    ANY  /devolucions                                
api_devolucions_get                              GET    ANY    ANY  /devolucions/{id}                           
api_devolucions_put                              PUT    ANY    ANY  /devolucions/{id}                           
api_devolucions_delete                           DELETE ANY    ANY  /devolucions/{id}                           
api_direccions_cget                              GET    ANY    ANY  /direccions                                 
api_direccions_cpost                             POST   ANY    ANY  /direccions                                 
api_direccions_get                               GET    ANY    ANY  /direccions/{id}                            
api_direccions_put                               PUT    ANY    ANY  /direccions/{id}                            
api_direccions_delete                            DELETE ANY    ANY  /direccions/{id}                            
api_distribucion_pedidoclientes_cget             GET    ANY    ANY  /distribucion_pedidoclientes                
api_distribucion_pedidoclientes_cpost            POST   ANY    ANY  /distribucion_pedidoclientes                
api_distribucion_pedidoclientes_get              GET    ANY    ANY  /distribucion_pedidoclientes/{id}           
api_distribucion_pedidoclientes_put              PUT    ANY    ANY  /distribucion_pedidoclientes/{id}           
api_distribucion_pedidoclientes_delete           DELETE ANY    ANY  /distribucion_pedidoclientes/{id}           
api_documento_pagos_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /documento_pagos                            
api_documento_pagos_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /documento_pagos                            
api_documento_pagos_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /documento_pagos/{id}                       
api_documento_pagos_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /documento_pagos/{id}                       
api_documento_pagos_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /documento_pagos/{id}                       
api_elemento_gastos_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /elemento_gastos                            
api_elemento_gastos_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /elemento_gastos                            
api_elemento_gastos_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /elemento_gastos/{id}                       
api_elemento_gastos_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /elemento_gastos/{id}                       
api_elemento_gastos_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /elemento_gastos/{id}                       
api_empleado_accesos_cancels_cget                GET    ANY    ANY  /empleado_accesos_cancels                   
api_empleado_accesos_cancels_cpost               POST   ANY    ANY  /empleado_accesos_cancels                   
api_empleado_accesos_cancels_get                 GET    ANY    ANY  /empleado_accesos_cancels/{id}              
api_empleado_accesos_cancels_put                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /empleado_accesos_cancels/{id}              
api_empleado_accesos_cancels_delete              DELETE ANY    ANY  /empleado_accesos_cancels/{id}              
api_empleados_cget                               GET    ANY    ANY  /empleados                                  
api_empleados_cpost                              POST   ANY    ANY  /empleados                                  
api_empleados_get                                GET    ANY    ANY  /empleados/{id}                             
api_empleados_put                                PUT    ANY    ANY  /empleados/{id}                             
api_empleados_delete                             DELETE ANY    ANY  /empleados/{id}                             
api_empleados_grals_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /empleados_grals                            
api_empleados_grals_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /empleados_grals                            
api_empleados_grals_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /empleados_grals/{id}                       
api_empleados_grals_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /empleados_grals/{id}                       
api_empleados_grals_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /empleados_grals/{id}                       
api_entidads_cget                                GET    ANY    ANY  /entidads                                   
api_entidads_cpost                               POST   ANY    ANY  /entidads                                   
api_entidads_get                                 GET    ANY    ANY  /entidads/{id}                              
api_entidads_put                                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /entidads/{id}                              
api_entidads_delete                              DELETE ANY    ANY  /entidads/{id}                              
api_entrada_activofijos_cget                     GET    ANY    ANY  /entrada_activofijos                        
api_entrada_activofijos_cpost                    POST   ANY    ANY  /entrada_activofijos                        
api_entrada_activofijos_get                      GET    ANY    ANY  /entrada_activofijos/{id}                   
api_entrada_activofijos_put                      PUT    ANY    ANY  /entrada_activofijos/{id}                   
api_entrada_activofijos_delete                   DELETE ANY    ANY  /entrada_activofijos/{id}                   
api_equipo_indicadors_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /equipo_indicadors                          
api_equipo_indicadors_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /equipo_indicadors                          
api_equipo_indicadors_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /equipo_indicadors/{id}                     
api_equipo_indicadors_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /equipo_indicadors/{id}                     
api_equipo_indicadors_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /equipo_indicadors/{id}                     
api_equipos_cget                                 GET    ANY    ANY  /equipos                                    
api_equipos_cpost                                POST   ANY    ANY  /equipos                                    
api_equipos_get                                  GET    ANY    ANY  /equipos/{id}                               
api_equipos_put                                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /equipos/{id}                               
api_equipos_delete                               DELETE ANY    ANY  /equipos/{id}                               
api_especificacion_activofijos_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /especificacion_activofijos                 
api_especificacion_activofijos_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /especificacion_activofijos                 
api_especificacion_activofijos_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /especificacion_activofijos/{id}            
api_especificacion_activofijos_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /especificacion_activofijos/{id}            
api_especificacion_activofijos_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /especificacion_activofijos/{id}            
api_especificaciones_activofijos_cget            GET    ANY    ANY  /especificaciones_activofijos               
api_especificaciones_activofijos_cpost           POST   ANY    ANY  /especificaciones_activofijos               
api_especificaciones_activofijos_get             GET    ANY    ANY  /especificaciones_activofijos/{id}          
api_especificaciones_activofijos_put             PUT    ANY    ANY  /especificaciones_activofijos/{id}          
api_especificaciones_activofijos_delete          DELETE ANY    ANY  /especificaciones_activofijos/{id}          
api_especificacion_insumos_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /especificacion_insumos                     
api_especificacion_insumos_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /especificacion_insumos                     
api_especificacion_insumos_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /especificacion_insumos/{id}                
api_especificacion_insumos_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /especificacion_insumos/{id}                
api_especificacion_insumos_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /especificacion_insumos/{id}                
api_estadisticas_cget                            GET    ANY    ANY  /estadisticas                               
api_estadisticas_cpost                           POST   ANY    ANY  /estadisticas                               
api_estadisticas_get                             GET    ANY    ANY  /estadisticas/{id}                          
api_estadisticas_put                             PUT    ANY    ANY  /estadisticas/{id}                          
api_estadisticas_delete                          DELETE ANY    ANY  /estadisticas/{id}                          
api_estadistica_ventas_producto_anos_cget        GET    ANY    ANY  /estadistica_ventas_producto_anos           
api_estadistica_ventas_producto_anos_cpost       POST   ANY    ANY  /estadistica_ventas_producto_anos           
api_estadistica_ventas_producto_anos_get         GET    ANY    ANY  /estadistica_ventas_producto_anos/{id}      
api_estadistica_ventas_producto_anos_put         PUT    ANY    ANY  /estadistica_ventas_producto_anos/{id}      
api_estadistica_ventas_producto_anos_delete      DELETE ANY    ANY  /estadistica_ventas_producto_anos/{id}      
api_estado_allcuentas_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /estado_allcuentas                          
api_estado_allcuentas_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /estado_allcuentas                          
api_estado_allcuentas_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /estado_allcuentas/{id}                     
api_estado_allcuentas_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /estado_allcuentas/{id}                     
api_estado_allcuentas_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /estado_allcuentas/{id}                     
api_estado_alltotales_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /estado_alltotales                          
api_estado_alltotales_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /estado_alltotales                          
api_estado_alltotales_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /estado_alltotales/{id}                     
api_estado_alltotales_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /estado_alltotales/{id}                     
api_estado_alltotales_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /estado_alltotales/{id}                     
api_existencia_cierres_cget                      GET    ANY    ANY  /existencia_cierres                         
api_existencia_cierres_cpost                     POST   ANY    ANY  /existencia_cierres                         
api_existencia_cierres_get                       GET    ANY    ANY  /existencia_cierres/{id}                    
api_existencia_cierres_put                       PUT    ANY    ANY  /existencia_cierres/{id}                    
api_existencia_cierres_delete                    DELETE ANY    ANY  /existencia_cierres/{id}                    
api_existenciaclasis_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /existenciaclasis                           
api_existenciaclasis_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /existenciaclasis                           
api_existenciaclasis_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /existenciaclasis/{id}                      
api_existenciaclasis_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /existenciaclasis/{id}                      
api_existenciaclasis_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /existenciaclasis/{id}                      
api_existencia_lotesclasis_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /existencia_lotesclasis                     
api_existencia_lotesclasis_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /existencia_lotesclasis                     
api_existencia_lotesclasis_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /existencia_lotesclasis/{id}                
api_existencia_lotesclasis_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /existencia_lotesclasis/{id}                
api_existencia_lotesclasis_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /existencia_lotesclasis/{id}                
api_existencia_lotes_cget                        GET    ANY    ANY  /existencia_lotes                           
api_existencia_lotes_cpost                       POST   ANY    ANY  /existencia_lotes                           
api_existencia_lotes_get                         GET    ANY    ANY  /existencia_lotes/{id}                      
api_existencia_lotes_put                         PUT    ANY    ANY  /existencia_lotes/{id}                      
api_existencia_lotes_delete                      DELETE ANY    ANY  /existencia_lotes/{id}                      
api_existencias_cget                             GET    ANY    ANY  /existencias                                
api_existencias_cpost                            POST   ANY    ANY  /existencias                                
api_existencias_get                              GET    ANY    ANY  /existencias/{id}                           
api_existencias_put                              PUT    ANY    ANY  /existencias/{id}                           
api_existencias_delete                           DELETE ANY    ANY  /existencias/{id}                           
api_factura_cambios_clasif_batches_cget          GET    ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasif_batches             
api_factura_cambios_clasif_batches_cpost         POST   ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasif_batches             
api_factura_cambios_clasif_batches_get           GET    ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasif_batches/{id}        
api_factura_cambios_clasif_batches_put           PUT    ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasif_batches/{id}        
api_factura_cambios_clasif_batches_delete        DELETE ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasif_batches/{id}        
api_factura_cambios_clasif_bdets_cget            GET    ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasif_bdets               
api_factura_cambios_clasif_bdets_cpost           POST   ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasif_bdets               
api_factura_cambios_clasif_bdets_get             GET    ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasif_bdets/{id}          
api_factura_cambios_clasif_bdets_put             PUT    ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasif_bdets/{id}          
api_factura_cambios_clasif_bdets_delete          DELETE ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasif_bdets/{id}          
api_factura_cambios_clasif_bheads_cget           GET    ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasif_bheads              
api_factura_cambios_clasif_bheads_cpost          POST   ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasif_bheads              
api_factura_cambios_clasif_bheads_get            GET    ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasif_bheads/{id}         
api_factura_cambios_clasif_bheads_put            PUT    ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasif_bheads/{id}         
api_factura_cambios_clasif_bheads_delete         DELETE ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasif_bheads/{id}         
api_factura_cambios_clasifs_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasifs                    
api_factura_cambios_clasifs_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasifs                    
api_factura_cambios_clasifs_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasifs/{id}               
api_factura_cambios_clasifs_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasifs/{id}               
api_factura_cambios_clasifs_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /factura_cambios_clasifs/{id}               
api_factura_defs_cget                            GET    ANY    ANY  /factura_defs                               
api_factura_defs_cpost                           POST   ANY    ANY  /factura_defs                               
api_factura_defs_get                             GET    ANY    ANY  /factura_defs/{id}                          
api_factura_defs_put                             PUT    ANY    ANY  /factura_defs/{id}                          
api_factura_defs_delete                          DELETE ANY    ANY  /factura_defs/{id}                          
api_facturas_cget                                GET    ANY    ANY  /facturas                                   
api_facturas_cpost                               POST   ANY    ANY  /facturas                                   
api_facturas_get                                 GET    ANY    ANY  /facturas/{id}                              
api_facturas_put                                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /facturas/{id}                              
api_facturas_delete                              DELETE ANY    ANY  /facturas/{id}                              
api_facturas_poractualizars_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /facturas_poractualizars                    
api_facturas_poractualizars_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /facturas_poractualizars                    
api_facturas_poractualizars_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /facturas_poractualizars/{id}               
api_facturas_poractualizars_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /facturas_poractualizars/{id}               
api_facturas_poractualizars_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /facturas_poractualizars/{id}               
api_formas_pagos_cget                            GET    ANY    ANY  /formas_pagos                               
api_formas_pagos_cpost                           POST   ANY    ANY  /formas_pagos                               
api_formas_pagos_get                             GET    ANY    ANY  /formas_pagos/{id}                          
api_formas_pagos_put                             PUT    ANY    ANY  /formas_pagos/{id}                          
api_formas_pagos_delete                          DELETE ANY    ANY  /formas_pagos/{id}                          
api_formato_costo_prodvendidas_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_costo_prodvendidas                 
api_formato_costo_prodvendidas_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_costo_prodvendidas                 
api_formato_costo_prodvendidas_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_costo_prodvendidas/{id}            
api_formato_costo_prodvendidas_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_costo_prodvendidas/{id}            
api_formato_costo_prodvendidas_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_costo_prodvendidas/{id}            
api_formato_ctas_compares_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_ctas_compares                      
api_formato_ctas_compares_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_ctas_compares                      
api_formato_ctas_compares_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_ctas_compares/{id}                 
api_formato_ctas_compares_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_ctas_compares/{id}                 
api_formato_ctas_compares_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_ctas_compares/{id}                 
api_formato_estado_resultado10s_cget             GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado10s                
api_formato_estado_resultado10s_cpost            POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado10s                
api_formato_estado_resultado10s_get              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado10s/{id}           
api_formato_estado_resultado10s_put              PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado10s/{id}           
api_formato_estado_resultado10s_delete           DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado10s/{id}           
api_formato_estado_resultado1s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado1s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado1s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado1s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado1s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado1s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado1s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado1s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado1s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado1s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado2s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado2s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado2s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado2s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado2s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado2s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado2s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado2s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado2s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado2s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado3s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado3s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado3s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado3s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado3s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado3s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado3s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado3s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado3s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado3s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado4s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado4s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado4s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado4s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado4s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado4s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado4s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado4s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado4s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado4s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado5s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado5s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado5s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado5s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado5s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado5s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado5s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado5s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado5s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado5s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado6s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado6s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado6s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado6s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado6s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado6s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado6s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado6s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado6s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado6s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado7s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado7s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado7s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado7s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado7s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado7s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado7s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado7s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado7s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado7s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado8s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado8s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado8s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado8s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado8s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado8s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado8s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado8s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado8s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado8s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado9s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado9s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado9s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado9s                 
api_formato_estado_resultado9s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado9s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado9s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado9s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultado9s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultado9s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultadoas_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultadoas                 
api_formato_estado_resultadoas_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultadoas                 
api_formato_estado_resultadoas_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultadoas/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultadoas_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultadoas/{id}            
api_formato_estado_resultadoas_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_resultadoas/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion10s_cget             GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion10s                
api_formato_estado_situacion10s_cpost            POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion10s                
api_formato_estado_situacion10s_get              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion10s/{id}           
api_formato_estado_situacion10s_put              PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion10s/{id}           
api_formato_estado_situacion10s_delete           DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion10s/{id}           
api_formato_estado_situacion1s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion1s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion1s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion1s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion1s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion1s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion1s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion1s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion1s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion1s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion2s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion2s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion2s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion2s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion2s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion2s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion2s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion2s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion2s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion2s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion3s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion3s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion3s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion3s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion3s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion3s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion3s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion3s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion3s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion3s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion4s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion4s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion4s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion4s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion4s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion4s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion4s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion4s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion4s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion4s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion5s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion5s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion5s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion5s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion5s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion5s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion5s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion5s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion5s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion5s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion6s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion6s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion6s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion6s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion6s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion6s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion6s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion6s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion6s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion6s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion7s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion7s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion7s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion7s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion7s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion7s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion7s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion7s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion7s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion7s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion8s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion8s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion8s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion8s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion8s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion8s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion8s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion8s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion8s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion8s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion9s_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion9s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion9s_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion9s                 
api_formato_estado_situacion9s_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion9s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion9s_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion9s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacion9s_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacion9s/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacionas_cget              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacionas                 
api_formato_estado_situacionas_cpost             POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacionas                 
api_formato_estado_situacionas_get               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacionas/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacionas_put               PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacionas/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacionas_delete            DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacionas/{id}            
api_formato_estado_situacions_cget               GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacions                  
api_formato_estado_situacions_cpost              POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacions                  
api_formato_estado_situacions_get                GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacions/{id}             
api_formato_estado_situacions_put                PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacions/{id}             
api_formato_estado_situacions_delete             DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_estado_situacions/{id}             
api_formato_fin_cxc_vars_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_fin_cxc_vars                       
api_formato_fin_cxc_vars_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_fin_cxc_vars                       
api_formato_fin_cxc_vars_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_fin_cxc_vars/{id}                  
api_formato_fin_cxc_vars_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_fin_cxc_vars/{id}                  
api_formato_fin_cxc_vars_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_fin_cxc_vars/{id}                  
api_formato_fin_cxp_vars_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_fin_cxp_vars                       
api_formato_fin_cxp_vars_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_fin_cxp_vars                       
api_formato_fin_cxp_vars_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_fin_cxp_vars/{id}                  
api_formato_fin_cxp_vars_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_fin_cxp_vars/{id}                  
api_formato_fin_cxp_vars_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_fin_cxp_vars/{id}                  
api_formato_indicadores_seleccs_cget             GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_indicadores_seleccs                
api_formato_indicadores_seleccs_cpost            POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_indicadores_seleccs                
api_formato_indicadores_seleccs_get              GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_indicadores_seleccs/{id}           
api_formato_indicadores_seleccs_put              PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_indicadores_seleccs/{id}           
api_formato_indicadores_seleccs_delete           DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_indicadores_seleccs/{id}           
api_formato_movim_capitals_cget                  GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_movim_capitals                     
api_formato_movim_capitals_cpost                 POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_movim_capitals                     
api_formato_movim_capitals_get                   GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_movim_capitals/{id}                
api_formato_movim_capitals_put                   PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_movim_capitals/{id}                
api_formato_movim_capitals_delete                DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_movim_capitals/{id}                
api_formato_origen_yapps_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_origen_yapps                       
api_formato_origen_yapps_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_origen_yapps                       
api_formato_origen_yapps_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_origen_yapps/{id}                  
api_formato_origen_yapps_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_origen_yapps/{id}                  
api_formato_origen_yapps_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_origen_yapps/{id}                  
api_formato_presupuestos_cget                    GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_presupuestos                       
api_formato_presupuestos_cpost                   POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_presupuestos                       
api_formato_presupuestos_get                     GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_presupuestos/{id}                  
api_formato_presupuestos_put                     PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_presupuestos/{id}                  
api_formato_presupuestos_delete                  DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_presupuestos/{id}                  
api_formatos_params_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /formatos_params                            
api_formatos_params_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /formatos_params                            
api_formatos_params_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /formatos_params/{id}                       
api_formatos_params_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /formatos_params/{id}                       
api_formatos_params_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /formatos_params/{id}                       
api_formatos_reps_titulos_cget                   GET    ANY    ANY  /formatos_reps_titulos                      
api_formatos_reps_titulos_cpost                  POST   ANY    ANY  /formatos_reps_titulos                      
api_formatos_reps_titulos_get                    GET    ANY    ANY  /formatos_reps_titulos/{id}                 
api_formatos_reps_titulos_put                    PUT    ANY    ANY  /formatos_reps_titulos/{id}                 
api_formatos_reps_titulos_delete                 DELETE ANY    ANY  /formatos_reps_titulos/{id}                 
api_formatos_vars_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formatos_vars                              
api_formatos_vars_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /formatos_vars                              
api_formatos_vars_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /formatos_vars/{id}                         
api_formatos_vars_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /formatos_vars/{id}                         
api_formatos_vars_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /formatos_vars/{id}                         
api_formato_tur10s_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur10s                             
api_formato_tur10s_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur10s                             
api_formato_tur10s_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur10s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur10s_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur10s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur10s_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur10s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur11s_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur11s                             
api_formato_tur11s_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur11s                             
api_formato_tur11s_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur11s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur11s_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur11s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur11s_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur11s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur12s_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur12s                             
api_formato_tur12s_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur12s                             
api_formato_tur12s_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur12s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur12s_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur12s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur12s_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur12s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur13s_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur13s                             
api_formato_tur13s_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur13s                             
api_formato_tur13s_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur13s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur13s_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur13s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur13s_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur13s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur14s_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur14s                             
api_formato_tur14s_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur14s                             
api_formato_tur14s_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur14s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur14s_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur14s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur14s_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur14s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur15s_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur15s                             
api_formato_tur15s_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur15s                             
api_formato_tur15s_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur15s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur15s_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur15s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur15s_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur15s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur16s_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur16s                             
api_formato_tur16s_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur16s                             
api_formato_tur16s_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur16s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur16s_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur16s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur16s_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur16s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur17s_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur17s                             
api_formato_tur17s_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur17s                             
api_formato_tur17s_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur17s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur17s_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur17s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur17s_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur17s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur18s_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur18s                             
api_formato_tur18s_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur18s                             
api_formato_tur18s_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur18s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur18s_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur18s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur18s_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur18s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur19s_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur19s                             
api_formato_tur19s_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur19s                             
api_formato_tur19s_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur19s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur19s_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur19s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur19s_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur19s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur1s_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur1s                              
api_formato_tur1s_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur1s                              
api_formato_tur1s_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur1s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur1s_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur1s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur1s_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur1s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur20s_cget                          GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur20s                             
api_formato_tur20s_cpost                         POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur20s                             
api_formato_tur20s_get                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur20s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur20s_put                           PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur20s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur20s_delete                        DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur20s/{id}                        
api_formato_tur2s_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur2s                              
api_formato_tur2s_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur2s                              
api_formato_tur2s_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur2s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur2s_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur2s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur2s_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur2s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur3s_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur3s                              
api_formato_tur3s_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur3s                              
api_formato_tur3s_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur3s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur3s_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur3s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur3s_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur3s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur4s_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur4s                              
api_formato_tur4s_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur4s                              
api_formato_tur4s_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur4s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur4s_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur4s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur4s_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur4s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur5s_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur5s                              
api_formato_tur5s_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur5s                              
api_formato_tur5s_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur5s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur5s_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur5s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur5s_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur5s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur6s_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur6s                              
api_formato_tur6s_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur6s                              
api_formato_tur6s_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur6s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur6s_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur6s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur6s_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur6s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur7s_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur7s                              
api_formato_tur7s_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur7s                              
api_formato_tur7s_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur7s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur7s_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur7s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur7s_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur7s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur8s_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur8s                              
api_formato_tur8s_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur8s                              
api_formato_tur8s_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur8s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur8s_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur8s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur8s_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur8s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur9s_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur9s                              
api_formato_tur9s_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_tur9s                              
api_formato_tur9s_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur9s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur9s_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_tur9s/{id}                         
api_formato_tur9s_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_tur9s/{id}                         
api_formato_turs_fnames_cget                     GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_turs_fnames                        
api_formato_turs_fnames_cpost                    POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_turs_fnames                        
api_formato_turs_fnames_get                      GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_turs_fnames/{id}                   
api_formato_turs_fnames_put                      PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_turs_fnames/{id}                   
api_formato_turs_fnames_delete                   DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_turs_fnames/{id}                   
api_formato_turs_vars_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_turs_vars                          
api_formato_turs_vars_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_turs_vars                          
api_formato_turs_vars_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_turs_vars/{id}                     
api_formato_turs_vars_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_turs_vars/{id}                     
api_formato_turs_vars_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_turs_vars/{id}                     
api_formato_xxls_cget                            GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_xxls                               
api_formato_xxls_cpost                           POST   ANY    ANY  /formato_xxls                               
api_formato_xxls_get                             GET    ANY    ANY  /formato_xxls/{id}                          
api_formato_xxls_put                             PUT    ANY    ANY  /formato_xxls/{id}                          
api_formato_xxls_delete                          DELETE ANY    ANY  /formato_xxls/{id}                          
api_fzcoantic_cancs_cget                         GET    ANY    ANY  /fzcoantic_cancs                            
api_fzcoantic_cancs_cpost                        POST   ANY    ANY  /fzcoantic_cancs                            
api_fzcoantic_cancs_get                          GET    ANY    ANY  /fzcoantic_cancs/{id}                       
api_fzcoantic_cancs_put                          PUT    ANY    ANY  /fzcoantic_cancs/{id}                       
api_fzcoantic_cancs_delete                       DELETE ANY    ANY  /fzcoantic_cancs/{id}                       
api_fzcobrado_yas_cget                           GET    ANY    ANY  /fzcobrado_yas                              
api_fzcobrado_yas_cpost                          POST   ANY    ANY  /fzcobrado_yas                              
api_fzcobrado_yas_get                            GET    ANY    ANY  /fzcobrado_yas/{id}                         
api_fzcobrado_yas_put                            PUT    ANY    ANY  /fzcobrado_yas/{id}                         
api_fzcobrado_yas_delete                         DELETE ANY    ANY  /fzcobrado_yas/{id}                         
api_fzcobros_anulados_cget                       GET    ANY    ANY  /fzcobros_anulados                          
api_fzcobros_anulados_cpost                      POST   ANY    ANY  /fzcobros_anulados                          
api_fzcobros_anulados_get                        GET    ANY    ANY  /fzcobros_anulados/{id}                     
api_fzcobros_anulados_put                        PUT    ANY    ANY  /fzcobros_anulados/{id}                     
api_fzcobros_anulados_delete                     DELETE ANY    ANY  /fzcobros_anulados/{id}                     
api_fzcobros_cget                                GET    ANY    ANY  /fzcobros                                   
api_fzcobros_cpost                               POST   ANY    ANY  /fzcobros                                   
api_fzcobros_get                                 GET    ANY    ANY  /fzcobros/{id}                              
api_fzcobros_put                                 PUT    ANY    ANY  /fzcobros/{id}                              
api_fzcobros_delete                              DELETE ANY    ANY  /fzcobros/{id}                              
api_fz_config_cestados_cons_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /fz_config_cestados_cons                    
api_fz_config_cestados_cons_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /fz_config_cestados_cons                    
api_fz_config_cestados_cons_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /fz_config_cestados_cons/{id}               
api_fz_config_cestados_cons_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /fz_config_cestados_cons/{id}               
api_fz_config_cestados_cons_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /fz_config_cestados_cons/{id}               
api_fz_config_pestados_cons_cget                 GET    ANY    ANY  /fz_config_pestados_cons                    
api_fz_config_pestados_cons_cpost                POST   ANY    ANY  /fz_config_pestados_cons                    
api_fz_config_pestados_cons_get                  GET    ANY    ANY  /fz_config_pestados_cons/{id}               
api_fz_config_pestados_cons_put                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /fz_config_pestados_cons/{id}               
api_fz_config_pestados_cons_delete               DELETE ANY    ANY  /fz_config_pestados_cons/{id}               
api_fz_cons_cget                                 GET    ANY    ANY  /fz_cons                                    
api_fz_cons_cpost                                POST   ANY    ANY  /fz_cons                                    
api_fz_cons_get                                  GET    ANY    ANY  /fz_cons/{id}                               
api_fz_cons_put                                  PUT    ANY    ANY  /fz_cons/{id}                               
api_fz_cons_delete                               DELETE ANY    ANY  /fz_cons/{id}                               
nelmio_api_doc_index                             GET    ANY    ANY  /doc/{view}                                 
